[ Honks ]
HEY, WATCH IT!
AW.
AW, COME ON.
HEY, MIKE.
- HEY, LARRY.
HOW YOU DOIN'?
- HAVE YOU SEEN NICKY?
I'M PRETTY SURE
HE WENT HOME WITH ERICA.
IT WAS A HALF DAY TODAY--
UH, PARENT CAREER DAY.
[ Doorbell Rings ]
HEY.
HEY. COME ON IN.
YOU ALL RIGHT?
YEAH, YEAH.
UM, WHY DIDN'T ANYBODY TELL ME
IT WAS CAREER DAY?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN? NICKY SAID
HE WAS GONNA TELL YOU.
OH, OKAY.
I GUESS HE FORGOT.
- UH-OH. THERE HE IS.
- HEY.
HOW ARE YOU, LARRY?
GOOD. HOW YOU DOIN', DON?
GOOD.
CAN YOU BELIEVE
THIS WEATHER?
[ Grunts ]
CHILLY, RIGHT?
MMM.
CHILLY, CHILLY,
CHILLY WILLY THE PENGUIN.
- ¶ [ Cell Phone Rings ]
- OOP, MY PHONE.
LEAVE ME ALONE.
HEY, WHY DON'T I GO TELL
THE LITTLE CORNCOB YOU'RE HERE?
GREAT. GREAT.
THAT'S GREAT.
YEAH. THANKS.
WOW, YOUR FIANCÉ REALLY MANAGES
TO SQUEEZE A LOT ONTO THAT BELT.
STOP IT.
WHAT? WHAT?
NO, IT'S LIKE HE'S THE, UH,
BATMAN OF STOCKBROKERS.
- BOND TRADER.
- BOND TRADER. SORRY.
HEY, HOW'S IT GOING WITH THAT
VIRTUAL REALITY DRIVING RANGE
THAT YOU WANTED TO OPEN?
UH, GETTIN' THERE.
STILL WAITIN' FOR THE TECHNOLOGY
TO CATCH UP WITH THE IDEA.
I MEAN, IT'S NOT EASY.
THERE ARE A LOT OF MOVING PARTS.
UH-HUH.
[ Sighs ]
HEY, DO YOU THINK, UM-- YOU
THINK NICK WOULD LIKE QUEENS?
OH, NO. LARRY, YOU DIDN'T
GET EVICTED AGAIN, DID YOU?
I DIDN'T... GET EVICTED.
I DIDN'T GET EVICTED, NO.
I MEAN I DIDN'T--
NO, I DIDN'T GET EVICTED YET.
IT'S LIKE, UH--
ALL RIGHT, LISTEN TO ME.
I DON'T KNOW HOW MUCH MORE
OF THIS NICKY CAN TAKE.
EVERY COUPLE MONTHS,
IT'S A NEW CAREER,
A NEW APARTMENT.
IF IT WASN'T FOR NICKY,
I WOULDN'T SAY ANYTHING.
I WOULD STAY OUT OF IT.
IT'S JUST--
IT'S TOO MUCH INSTABILITY.
IT'S NOT GOOD FOR HIM.
I'M TRYING TO FIGURE THINGS OUT
RIGHT NOW, OKAY?
YOU KNOW,
I-- I DON'T-- I DON'T THINK
THAT NICKY SHOULD STAY WITH YOU.
- WHAT?
- WELL, JUST-- JUST UNTIL
YOU GET REALLY SETTLED.
[ Boy ]
HEY, DAD.
- HEY. READY TO CARVE IT UP?
- COOL.
[ Crowd Shouting, Cheering ]
- YOU'RE SUCH A CHICKEN!
- ALL RIGHT! GOOD!
- GET IN FRONT OF IT!
- TAKE IT, NICKY! BREAK AWAY!
WHOA!
[ Grunts ]
[ Crowd Groans ]
[ Whistle Blows ]
[ Man ]
WHAT ARE YOU DOIN'?
HEY! HEY, NICKY!
[ Man #2 ]
GET OFF THE ICE!
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
YOU OKAY?
I'M FINE. WOULD YOU
GET OFF THE ICE?
LISTEN UP.
THEIR LEFT DEFENSEMAN
IS A VERY WEAK SKATER.
YOU GO TO THE LEFT SIDE,
YOU GOT A CLEAR SHOT
AT THE GOAL. OKAY?
COOL. THANKS.
ALL RIGHT, MAN.
[ Man ]
COME ON!
WE'RE GOOD HERE.
HE'S GOOD. ALL RIGHT.
AS YOU WERE, SKATERS.
[ Whistle Blows ]
GAME ON.
OW!
[ Crowd Groans ]
[ Man ]
THAT'S A GOOD SHOT, KID!
[ Larry ] I'M GOOD.
[ Larry ]
I'M TELLIN' YOU, MAN.
YOU TORE IT UP OUT THERE TODAY.
I'M THINKIN' THE NHL
IS A SERIOUS POSSIBILITY.
YEAH, I DON'T REALLY WANNA
BE A HOCKEY PLAYER ANYMORE.
ALL RIGHT.
WHAT DO YOU WANNA BE?
A BOND TRADER.
A BOND TRADER?
YEAH, IT'S WHAT DON DOES.
HE TOOK ME TO HIS OFFICE
LAST WEEK.
UH-HUH.
THAT'S COOL. SO WHAT?
YOU WANNA DRESS UP IN
A MONKEY SUIT AND TIE EVERY DAY?
[ Imitating Robotic Voice ]
LIKE AN AUTOMATON ROBOT?
[ Laughing ]
TRUST ME. YOU CAN'T PLAY HOCKEY
IN A CUBICLE. KINDA AWKWARD.
WELL, HE'S GOT
A PRETTY BIG OFFICE.
THAT'S NOT THE POINT.
COME ON. YOU LOVE HOCKEY.
I STILL LIKE IT,
BUT BOND TRADING'S MY FALLBACK.
YOUR FALLBACK?
WAIT A MINUTE.
YOU'RE TOO YOUNG TO HAVE
A FALLBACK, OKAY, NICKY?
AND-- AND ALSO,
WHERE DID YOU EVER
EVEN HEAR THAT WORD?
MOM WAS TALKING TO DON ABOUT
ALL YOUR DIFFERENT SCHEMES.
- SHE CALLED THEM SCHEMES?
- SHE SAID IT WAS TIME
YOU FOUND A FALLBACK.
ARE YOU REALLY MOVING AGAIN?
UH, I DON'T KNOW.
WE'LL SEE.
I MEAN, THERE ARE SOME PRETTY
COOL PLACES OUT IN QUEENS.
YEAH.
HEY.
HEY, NICKY,
LOOK AT ME.
LOOK AT ME, MAN.
I WANNA TELL YOU SOMETHIN'.
I KNOW THAT THINGS HAVE BEEN
KINDA UP AND DOWN FOR ME LATELY,
AND THAT'S
BEEN HARD FOR YOU.
BUT I REALLY FEEL LIKE
MY MOMENT'S COMING,
AND WHEN IT DOES,
EVERYTHING'S JUST GONNA
COME TOGETHER.
YOU KNOW?
WHAT IF YOU'RE WRONG,
AND YOU'RE JUST AN ORDINARY GUY
WHO SHOULD GET A JOB?
ALL RIGHT. WELL--
YOU KNOW WHAT?
WE'LL FIGURE IT OUT, OKAY?
ALL RIGHT?
COME ON. LET'S GET YOU
BACK TO MOM'S. COME ON.
MR. DALEY, I CAN HONESTLY SAY,
IN 43 YEARS AT THIS AGENCY,
I'VE NEVER SEEN
A RÉSUME QUITE LIKE YOURS.
AH, ALL RIGHT!
THAT WASN'T A COMPLIMENT.
IT SAYS HERE
YOU WERE THE C.E.O.
OF SNAPTIME INDUSTRIES.
CARE TO ELABORATE ON THAT?
SURE. WELL, THAT WAS
THE UMBRELLA CORPORATION
FOR MY INVENTION, THE SNAPPER.
YOU KNOW, YOU SNAP,
LIGHTS COME ON.
SNAP, THEY COME OFF.
UH, DIDN'T THEY
ALREADY MAKE THAT?
NO, NO.
THAT'S THE CLAPPER,
WHICH, OBVIOUSLY,
STOLE A BIT OF OUR THUNDER.
PERSONALLY, I DON'T REALLY
SEE WHAT THE BIG DIFFERENCE IS.
I MEAN--
YOU KNOW, WHATEVER.
BUT, UM, APPARENTLY,
THERE IS A SIGNIFICANT PORTION
OF THE POPULATION...
THAT HAS TROUBLE
ACTUALLY SNAPPING.
CLAPPING'S EASIER.
DEBATABLE.
I CAN'T HELP YOU.
UH, DEBBIE?
CAN I CALL YOU DEBBIE?
'CAUSE, UH, I FELT A CONNECTION
WHEN I ENTERED THIS OFFICE.
AND I DON'T KNOW.
I FEEL LIKE YOU DID TOO.
I DIDN'T FEEL A CONNECTION.
LOOK.
I NEED A JOB TOMORROW, OKAY?
IF I DON'T HAVE ONE--
I JUST NEED IT, OKAY?
WELL, I DON'T KNOW. I--
I MIGHT HAVE ONE THING.
THEY'VE TURNED DOWN EVERYONE
I'VE SENT OVER THERE, BUT, UH--
GREAT.
WHO KNOWS?
YOU MIGHT GET LUCKY.
EXCUSE ME. HI.
HI.
UH, I'M LARRY DALEY.
I'VE GOT A JOB INTERVIEW
WITH CECIL FREDERICKS.
RIGHT. UH, HE SHOULD
STILL BE IN HIS OFFICE.
GREAT.
I'M REBECCA HUTMAN.
I'M A DOCENT HERE.
HI.
WELL, LET ME POINT YOU
IN THE RIGHT DIRECTION.
PLEASE.
AH, TEDDY ROOSEVELT, RIGHT?
YES, A GREAT VISIONARY.
YES, DEFINITELY.
HE WAS OUR FOURTH
PRESIDENT, RIGHT?
TWENTY-SIXTH.
[ Clapping ]
PLEASE DON'T TOUCH
THE EXHIBITS!
GET DOWN.
I MEAN-- RIFFRAFF.
MISS HUTMAN, I CANNOT
TOLERATE THIS TYPE OF CHAOS.
I MEAN, THIS IS A MUSEUM,
NOT A--
[ Stammers ]
DO YOU KNOW
WHAT "MUSEUM" MEANS?
IT-- IT DOESN'T MEAN,
"OOH, DADDY, IT'S A BIG
TYRANNOSAURUS THING!
CAN I TOUCH ITS LEG?"
NO! IT--
WORK IT OUT, PLEASE.
WILL DO, SIR.
THANK YOU.
DR. McPHEE,
THE MUSEUM DIRECTOR.
HMM.
SEEMS LIKE A FUN GUY.
[ McPhee Claps ]
CONTROL YOUR YOUNG, PLEASE!
CAN WE? OH!
[ Dings ]
[ With Creepy Voice ]
HELLO?
OH, HO, HO, HO.
[ Laughing ]
I'M JUST KIDDING.
HI. I'M, UH-- I'M LARRY DALEY.
ARE-- ARE YOU
MR. FREDERICKS?
[ Laughs ]
MR. FREDERICKS WAS MY FATHER.
I AM CECIL.
GOOD TO MEET YOU, LARRY.
NICE, FIRM HANDSHAKE.
I LIKE THAT.
TELLS A LOT ABOUT A MAN.
COME ON IN.
OKAY.
LET'S TALK TURKEY HERE.
THE MUSEUM IS LOSING MONEY,
HAND OVER FIST.
I GUESS KIDS TODAY
DON'T CARE ABOUT WAX FIGURES
OR STUFFED ANIMALS.
SO THEY'RE DOWNSIZING,
WHICH IS CODE FOR "FIRING,"
MYSELF AND THE OTHER TWO
NIGHT GUARDS.
THEY WANT TO REPLACE US
WITH ONE NEW GUARD.
OH. SORRY.
WELL, WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO?
I'D LIKE YOU TO MEET
MY, UH, TWO COLLEAGUES HERE.
REGINALD?
GUS?
[ Gasps ]
WHERE IS HE?
I'LL BEAT HIM WITH MY FIST!
[ Grunting ]
GUS, THIS IS LARRY DALEY,
THE KID WHO WANTS TO BE
THE NEW NIGHT GUARD.
WHOA. UH, NIGHT GUARD?
NO, NO. THE LADY AT THE AGENCY
SAID THIS WAS A MUSEUM POSITION.
MOST IMPORTANT POSITION
IN THE MUSEUM, LARRY.
HE LOOKS LIKE A WEIRDY.
[ Chuckles ]
WONDERFUL GUARD,
TERRIBLE PEOPLE SKILLS.
NOW LISTEN, LUNCH BOX,
DON'T TRY ANYTHING FUNNY.
- I ONCE WENT NINE ROUNDS
WITH JOHN L. SULLIVAN.
- [ Mouthing Words ]
YOU NEVER FOUGHT
JOHN L. SULLIVAN IN YOUR LIFE.
[ Cecil ]
GENTLEMEN, WE HAVE
A JOB CANDIDATE HERE.
HE'S GOT AN EXCELLENT RÉSUME,
A WINNING ATTITUDE,
AND I SAY LET'S GIVE HIM A SHOT.
- WHAT DO YOU SAY?
- UH, HANG ON A SEC.
I THINK I-- I MIGHT WANNA
HAVE A LITTLE TIME
JUST TO THINK IT OVER.
DO YOU WANT THE JOB OR NOT,
SNACK SHACK?
NO, NO.
I WANT THE JOB. I--
WELCOME TO
THE NIGHT GUARDS, LARRY.
[ Cecil ]
LARRY, MEET ME
UP ON THE SECOND FLOOR.
I'LL SLIP INTO MY ORTHOPEDICS
AND GIVE YOU A LITTLE TOUR.
ARTHRITIC KNEES.
NOT FUN GETTIN' OLD,
MY FRIEND. GO ON.
YOU REALLY THINK
HE'S THE ONE?
OH, YES.
HE'S THE ONE.
GOTTA KEEP IT MOVING, LARRY.
I'M PRETTY SPRY FOR AN OLD MAN.
THIS IS THE, UH, DIORAMA ROOM.
OH, YEAH.
I REMEMBER
THESE LITTLE GUYS.
CUTE.
CECIL!
HEY, CECIL!
- YAH!
- AAAH!
[ Laughing ]
DID I GET YOU GOOD!
YEAH.
YOU GOT ME.
[ Laughing ]
SERIOUSLY, THOUGH,
NO FOOLIN' AROUND IN HERE.
THIS STUFF IS REALLY OLD.
ALL RIGHT THEN.
AS YOU CAN SEE, IT'S PRETTY
QUIET IN HERE THESE DAYS.
ON YOUR LEFT THERE
IS YOUR ATTILA THE HUN.
AND HERE WE HAVE
OUR EASTER ISLAND HEAD.
[ Man ]
HEY, CECIL.
AND THIS, OF COURSE,
IS THE HALL OF AFRICAN MAMMALS.
AH, YES.
OOH, MONKEYS.
I LOVE MONKEYS.
YEAH.
THAT GUY'S CUTE.
YEAH, WE--
WE CALL HIM DEXTER.
HE'S QUITE A LITTLE BALL OF FUN,
AREN'T YOU, DEXTER?
MOVING ON.
AND, FINALLY, THIS IS THE TEMPLE
OF THE PHARAOH AHKMENRAH.
- WOW.
- [ Flashlight Clicks On ]
[ Cecil ]
AND IN THAT, UH,
TOMB RIGHT DOWN THERE--
[ Larry ]
UH-HUH?
THE PHARAOH HIMSELF.
NEAT.
AND HANGING
ON THE WALL BEHIND HIM
WAS HIS MOST PRIZED POSSESSION,
THE TABLET OF AHKMENRAH.
TWENTY-FOUR-KARAT GOLD.
IT'S WORTH A FORTUNE.
[ Larry ] AH.
VERY COOL.
IT IS INDEED, LARRY.
ALL RIGHT.
REPORT HERE AT 5:00 TOMORROW.
WE'LL WALK YOU THROUGH
YOUR DUTIES.
OKAY. 5:00.
I'LL BE HERE.
MOVING ON.
HEY, IT'S ME.
SO, UH, I GOT A JOB.
[ Erica ]
OH, LARRY, THAT'S GREAT.
WHAT IS IT?
UM, IT'S A--
IT'S A JOB AT THE, UM--
AT THE MUSEUM
OF NATURAL HISTORY.
OH, UH-HUH.
YEAH. SO, UH, YOU CAN TELL
NICKY THAT WE WON'T BE MOVING.
LARRY, THIS IS GOOD NEWS.
YEAH, NO, DEFINITELY.
SO, UH,
I'LL SEE YOU TOMORROW?
OKAY.
OKAY. BYE.
[ Beeps ]
[ Cecil ]
LARRY.
YOUR KEYS.
YOUR TORCH.
RIGHT.
YOU'RE GONNA WANT TO
STRAP THOSE TO YOUR BELT.
NOW, IT CAN GET A LITTLE
SPOOKY AROUND HERE AT NIGHT,
SO YOU MIGHT
WANT TO PUT A FEW LIGHTS ON.
ALL RIGHT.
FLASHLIGHT, KEYS.
WHAT AM I FOR--
OH.
THE INSTRUCTION MANUAL.
INSTRUCTIONS.
YOU START WITH ONE, TWO, THREE--
- FOUR?
- ARE YOU CRACKIN' WISE?
I OUGHT TO PUNCH YOU
IN THE NOSE, HOPSCOTCH.
LEAVE HIM ALONE, GUS.
YOU GOT IT COVERED,
RIGHT, LARRY?
- YEAH, YEAH, I GOT IT.
- YOU BETTER GET IT!
GUS. LARRY, DO 'EM IN ORDER,
DO 'EM ALL AND DO 'EM QUICK.
AND THE MOST IMPORTANT THING
OF ALL TO REMEMBER:
DON'T LET ANYTHING IN OR OUT.
- OUT?
- GOOD LUCK, SON.
- NIGHT, GUS.
- YOUNG BUCK, CRACKIN' WISE.
[ Cecil ]
MOVING ON.
[ Door Closes ]
[ Door Locking ]
[ On P.A. ]
HELLO? OOH. HELLO!
CHECK! CHECK!
I AM LARRY.
CHECK! LARRY!
L-L-L-L-LARRY.
¶ [ Beatboxing ]
MONDAY! MONDAY! MONDAY!
MONSTER TRUCK RALLY!
¶ IT'S THE EYE
OF THE TIGER ¶
¶ IT'S THE THRILL
OF THE FIGHT ¶
¶ RISING UP TO THE CHALLENGE
OF OUR RIVALS ¶
¶ AND THE LAST KNOWN SURVIVOR
GONNA DOO, DOO, DOO, DOO ¶
¶ [ Vocalizing ]
¶ [ Imitating Electric Guitar ]
[ Snoring ]
[ Grunts ]
[ Yawning ]
¶ [ Whistling "Dem Bones" ]
CECIL?
OKAY, VERY FUNNY, CECIL!
WHAT IS THIS,
LIKE A DAVID COPPERFIELD THING?
THIS IS WEIRD.
[ Water Trickling ]
CECIL?
[ Trickling Continues ]
- [ Roars ]
- [ Gasps, Screams ]
[ Screaming ]
[ Screeches ]
COME ON!
REVOLVE! REVOLVE!
[ Dinosaur Roars ]
AAAH!
[ Woman ]
NAME, PLEASE?
CECIL, UM--
[ Groans ] FREDERICKS!
ONE MOMENT.
CONNECTING.
[ Cecil ]
HELLO?
CECIL! IT'S LARRY DALEY!
¶ [ "Tequila" Playing ]
LARRY. YES?
HOW CAN I HELP YOU?
THE DINOSAUR--
[ Grunts ]
THE DINOSAUR'S ALIVE!
I'M HAVIN' A LITTLE TROUBLE
HEARIN' YOU, FRIEND.
[ All ] TEQUILA!
THE DINOSAUR'S ALIVE!
WHAT DO I DO?
JUST TELL ME WHAT TO DO!
READ THE INSTRUCTIONS.
IT EXPLAINS EVERYTHING.
- [ Roaring Continues ]
- OKAY, I GOT 'EM!
I'LL SEE YOU TOMORROW.
[ Larry ]
WAIT! WAIT!
- [ Dinosaur Growling ]
- AAAH!
"NUMBER ONE: THROW THE BONE."
WHAT BONE?
[ Snarling ]
FETCH?
PLAY FETCH?
WHOA!
[ Trumpeting ]
[ Screeching ]
NO WAY.
- [ All Grunting ]
- WHOA!
[ Grunting Continues ]
[ Deep Voice ]
HEY!
[ Gasps ]
- DUM-DUM.
- YES?
- YOU GIVE ME GUM-GUM.
- I GIVE YOU GUM-GUM?
YOU NEW DUM-DUM.
YOU GIVE ME GUM-GUM.
GEE. OKAY.
UM, YOU KNOW WHAT?
I HAVE NO GUM-GUM.
SORRY.
AND MY NAME ISN'T DUM-DUM.
MY NAME'S LARRY.
NO, YOUR NAME DUM-DUM.
- [ Distant Shouting ]
- OH, YOU IN TROUBLE, DUM-DUM.
YOU BETTER RUN-RUN
FROM ATTILA THE HUN-HUN!
[ Shouting ]
- [ Shouting Continues ]
- SEE YOU LATER, DUM-DUM.
[ Shouting Continues ]
- [ Gasps ]
- [ Grunting ]
- OH!
- [ Shouting ]
AAAH!
OH!
¶ [ Elevator ]
- [ Elevator Bell Dings ]
- WHAT IS HAPPENING?
[ Elevator Bell Dings ]
[ Speaking Foreign Language ]
[ Screeches ]
[ Bellows ]
[ No Audible Dialogue ]
[ Animal Snorts ]
[ Birds Chirping ]
HEY.
HOW YOU DOING?
ARE YOU--
YOU'RE...
"SAK-- SAKAGAWA... WAYA"?
YOU'RE "SAKAGAWAYA"?
OH, SAKAGAWEA.
YOU'RE SAKAGAWEA?
THE GLASS.
I CAN'T--
- [ No Audible Dialogue ]
- YOU-- YOU CAN'T--
YOU CAN'T HEAR ME?
EXCUSE ME. "WHO ASSISTED
THE LEWIS AND CLARK"--
RIGHT. SO THAT'S
LEWIS AND CLARK, AND YOU'RE--
RIGHT.
YOU SEEM--
I'M LARRY.
WHAT'S GOING ON? WHAT'S--
DO YOU KNOW WHAT'S
GOING ON HERE?
- [ Shouting In Distance ]
- HUNS! I GOTTA--
[ Grunts ]
- OH!
- [ Gunshots ]
[ Chattering ]
"NUMBER TWO: LOCK UP THE LIONS
OR THEY'LL EAT YOU."
[ Footsteps ]
HEY! HI!
TIN MAN! HEY. HI.
HOW YOU DOIN'?
I'M NEW HERE, AND IT SAYS
I'M SUPPOSED TO LOCK UP
THE LIONS OR THEY'LL EAT ME.
[ Speaking Italian ]
YOU'RE GALILEO? NO?
TURISTA.
- [ Lion Roaring ]
- WHOA!
- [ Grunting ]
- [ Roars ]
- AAAH!
- [ Squawking ]
- WHOA!
[ Trumpets ]
[ Elephant Trumpets ]
OKAY. HEY.
I'M THE, UH--
[ Roaring ]
HI. I'M THE NEW GUY,
AND I'M JUST, UH--
JUST LOCKIN' UP.
[ Ostrich Squawks ]
[ Trumpeting ]
SO IF IT'S COOL WITH YOU,
I'M JUST GONNA GET
MY PAPERWORK AND, UH--
- [ Chittering ]
- BE OUT OF YOUR HAIR, OKAY?
[ Roaring ]
[ Trumpets ]
WHOA!
[ Hissing ]
[ Roaring ]
[ Chittering ]
[ Roars ]
[ Monkey Chittering ]
- WHOA!
- [ Roaring ]
AAAH!
[ Roaring ]
[ Lion Roaring ]
"DOUBLE-CHECK YOUR BELT.
THE MONKEY PROBABLY
STOLE YOUR KEYS."
MONKEY.
[ Chittering ]
HEY. HEY, THERE.
HI. WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
YOUR NAME IS--
NO, NO, NO.
COME BACK. COME BACK.
DEWEY? IS THAT YOUR NAME?
DEWEY?
NO, NO, NO. WHAT'S--
DEWEY? DEXTER?
DEXTER. DEXTER, RIGHT?
HEY, DEXTER, YOU WANT
TO GIVE ME THOSE KEYS?
I JUST WANT TO LOCK UP.
YES. OH, GOOD.
COME TO PAPA.
OH, THANK YOU.
CAN I HAVE THOSE KEYS?
OH, GOOD.
WHAT A GOOD BOY.
THAT'S OKAY.
OH. OH, THANK YOU.
OH, NO, NO, NO, NO.
IT'S OKAY.
THANK YOU VERY, VERY MUCH.
[ Groaning ]
[ Crunching ]
[ Dexter Chittering ]
[ Groaning ]
EW! OH! YUCK!
BAD MONKEY! STOP THAT!
EW! THAT'S NOT RIGHT!
ARE YOU DONE? HUH?
DO YOU HAVE
AN ISSUE WITH ME, HUH?
DO YOU HAVE AN ISSUE WITH ME?
'CAUSE IF I HAVE
A PROBLEM WITH SOMEBODY,
I DON'T PEE ON THEM, OKAY?
ALL RIGHT? AND ALSO--
LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING.
THESE KEYS?
- [ Screeches ]
- HEY! DEXTER, THAT'S NOT FUNNY!
GIVE 'EM BACK!
DEXTER!
DEXTER! GIVE--
DON'T. I KNOW WHAT YOU'RE
THINKING. DON'T DO IT.
NOT A GOOD IDEA.
MM-MMM.
- NOT-- DEXTER, I NEED THOSE!
- [ Monkeys Chittering ]
HEY, DON'T ENCOURAGE HIM!
YOU THINK YOU'RE FUNNY
FOR YOUR FRIENDS, HUH?
YOU THREE, YOU THINK YOU GOT--
WHAT, HE'S THE RINGLEADER, AND
YOU'RE LIKE A LITTLE AUDIENCE?
YEAH, NO! DON'T DO IT!
OKAY? LOOKIT! LOOK--
YOU!
[ Screeching ]
[ Roaring ]
AAAH!
- OH! THIS IS NOT HAPPENING.
- [ Chittering ]
OH, MAN.
OW!
WHOA.
OOH! OW.
[ Grunts ]
WHAT ARE YOU GUYS DOING?
I CAN'T FEEL MY LIP.
OH, "THIT."
OH!
[ Groaning ]
MAN!
[ Grunts ]
[ Men ]
¶ DOO-DA, DOO-DA
¶ THE CAMPTOWN RACETRACK'S
FIVE MILES LONG ¶
¶ OH, DE DOO-DA DAY
¶ I WENT DOWN THERE
WITH MY HAT CAVED IN
DOO-DA, DOO-DA ¶
¶ I COME BACK HOME
WITH A POCKETFUL OF TIN ¶
¶ OH, DE DOO-DA DAY
[ Man ]
WHOO!
¶ GOIN' TO RUN ALL NIGHT
GOIN' TO RUN ALL DAY ¶
- ¶ I BET MY MONEY
ON A BOB-TAILED NAG ¶
- [ Ropes Snapping ]
HEY. HEY.
[ Men Shouting ]
HEY, STOP THAT!
WHOA!
[ Groans ]
YEE-HAW!
HOGTIE HIM, BOYS!
- [ All Shouting ]
- WHOO-WEE! GET HIM!
GET THAT BIG OLD BOCEPHUS
OF A MAN!
HEY, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
[ Cowboy ]
CINCH HIM UP REAL GOOD!
YOU AIN'T SO BIG NOW,
ARE YOU, BOY?
HEY! HEY, STOP THAT!
¶ [ Workers Singing ]
WHOO-WEE!
EVERY NIGHT,
YEAR AFTER YEAR,
ONE OF YOU GUARDS
LOCKS US UP IN THESE BOXES!
WELL, I HEREBY SAY, SIR,
ENOUGH!
- [ All Cheering ]
- FIRE UP THE IRON HORSE, BOYS.
HEY, BLONDIE.
- NAME'S JEDIDIAH!
- ALL RIGHT, JEDIDIAH.
STOP THE TRAIN, PLEASE!
THAT'S A BIG NO-CAN-DO,
CRACKERJACK.
- WHAT'S GOING ON HERE, HUH?
- SOMEBODY'S GOTTA PAY.
- PAY FOR WHAT?
- I DON'T KNOW! JUST PAY!
NOW STOP WHINING
AND JUST TAKE IT LIKE A MAN!
[ Whistle Blowing ]
SERIOUSLY, STOP THE TRAIN.
- ALL RIGHT. STOP THE TRAIN!
- THANK YOU.
NOW FULL SPEED AHEAD
AND RAM HIM!
SPLIT HIS HEAD
LIKE A WATERMELON!
OOH! OW!
FOR CRYING OUT LOUD!
[ Crowd Groans ]
- ALL RIGHT. THAT'S ENOUGH.
- WE GOT A BREACH!
- [ Grunting ]
- [ Shouting In
Foreign Language ]
[ Grunting ]
I GOT HIM!
I GOT HIM, GUYS! I GOT HIM!
[ Screams ]
- OH, MY.
- PREPARE THE CATAPULTS.
WHOA, OCTAVIUS, HOLD ON.
THIS AIN'T YOUR FIGHT.
THIS HERE GIANT'S ON OUR LAND.
HEY, HEY, LITTLE GUY.
JED. YEAH.
SORRY. LOOK, I JUST--
I'M NOT A GIANT, OKAY?
I'M JUST LIKE
AN AVERAGE SIZE--
DON'T TALK DOWN TO ME!
I'M NOT A GIANT, GUYS.
ALL RIGHT?
YOU GUYS ARE REALLY LITTLE.
WE MAY BE SMALL,
BUT OUR HEARTS ARE LARGE,
METAPHORICALLY SPEAKING.
DON'T TAKE THAT THE WRONG WAY.
I'M JUST SAYING
YOU'RE MINIATURES.
SILENCE! THE ROMAN EMPIRE
KNOWS NO BOUNDARIES.
[ Man ] STEADY, MEN!
- DON'T YOU DO IT, SON.
- DO WHAT?
- OCTAVIUS!
- DON'T DO WHAT?
- UNLEASH HELL!
- D'OH!
- [ Man ]
FIRE!
- OW! OH!
[ Gasps ]
OW!
FIRE!
OW! YEOW! OW!
CLIMB ABOARD, BOY.
TAKE THE HAND, SON.
- ON BOARD.
- [ Whinnies ]
[ Jedidiah ]
THAT'S RIGHT! YOU BETTER RUN,
BOY! YOU HEAR JEDIDIAH?
THAT MUSTACHIOED HORSEMAN
AIN'T ALWAYS GONNA BE THERE
TO PROTECT YOU! YOU HEAR ME?
[ Grunts ]
UM, THANK YOU.
NOT AT ALL.
THEODORE ROOSEVELT,
26th PRESIDENT OF THESE
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,
AT YOUR SERVICE.
OKAY.
UH, I'M LARRY DALEY,
THE NEW NIGHT GUARD.
[ Laughs ]
PLEASURE TO MEET YOU,
LAWRENCE DALEY!
YOU'LL HAVE TO
EXCUSE ME THOUGH.
THE HUNT IS AFOOT.
HUNT'S AFOOT.
[ Growling ]
UM, EXCUSE ME. MR. PRESIDENT,
CAN I ASK YOU SOMETHING?
YES, BUT JUST ONE QUESTION.
ALL RIGHT. OKAY.
WHY? IS IT LIKE JUST SOME,
LIKE, THREE-WISHES KIND OF DEAL?
[ Shouts In
Foreign Language ]
[ Foreign Language ]
NOT AT ALL.
SELF-RELIANCE IS THE
KEY TO A VIGOROUS LIFE.
A MAN MUST LOOK INWARD
TO FIND HIS OWN ANSWERS.
HOW CAN I BE OF HELP?
ALL RIGHT. WELL, I-- I DON'T
REALLY KNOW HOW TO PUT THIS,
AND PLEASE DON'T TAKE IT
THE WRONG WAY,
BUT ISN'T EVERYTHING
IN THIS MUSEUM
SUPPOSED TO BE, YOU KNOW--
[ Both ]
DEAD?
YEAH.
FOLLOW ME.
YELL ALL YOU WANT, PHARAOH!
[ Loud Wailing ]
YOU'VE BEEN IN THERE 54 YEARS!
YOU'RE NOT GETTING OUT TONIGHT!
THERE'S THE SOURCE
OF ALL THIS COMMOTION.
[ Roosevelt ]
THE TABLET OF AHKMENRAH.
ARRIVED HERE IN 1952
FROM THE NILE EXPEDITION.
ON THAT NIGHT...
EVERYTHING IN THIS MUSEUM
CAME TO LIFE.
AND EVERY NIGHT SINCE.
SO EVERYTHING IN THE MUSEUM
COMES TO LIFE EVERY NIGHT?
EXACTLY.
AND I'M SUPPOSED TO DO WHAT?
YOU'RE THE NIGHT WATCHMAN,
LAWRENCE--
A VENERABLE POSITION
IN THIS INSTITUTION.
[ Shouts ]
AAAH!
[ Laughs ]
COME ON, LAD.
ALL RIGHT. OKAY.
THIS IS IMPOSSIBLE.
NOTHING'S IMPOSSIBLE.
IF IT CAN BE DREAMED,
IT CAN BE DONE.
HENCE, THE 20-FOOT JACKAL
STARING AT YOU RIGHT NOW.
DON'T MAKE EYE CONTACT!
YOUR JOB IS TO MAKE SURE
THAT EVERYONE STAYS
INSIDE THE MUSEUM,
BECAUSE IF THE SUN RISES
AND ANYONE'S ON THE OUTSIDE,
WE TURN TO DUST.
YOU TURN TO DUST?
DUST.
REALLY?
REALLY.
NOW IT'S ALMOST DAWN.
I SHALL HELP YOU
RESTORE ORDER TONIGHT.
BUT MARK MY WORDS,
IT'S THE LAST TIME I SHALL
EVER DO SO. IS THAT CLEAR?
YEAH. I MEAN--
I MEAN, I GUESS.
I DON'T-- UM--
STOP BABBLING, BOY!
YES OR NO?
YES.
GOOD!
LET'S RIDE.
[ Larry ]
ALL RIGHT. SO, THE HALL
OF REPTILES IS SECURE.
WHAT ARE YOU LOOKING AT?
I'M, UH, TRACKING, DEAR BOY.
[ Chuckles ]
A MAN'S GOT TO TRACK.
WELCOME TO THE FAMILY, LAWRENCE.
- SEE YOU TOMORROW NIGHT.
- WELL-- OH, ACTUALLY,
I GOTTA BE HONEST.
I DON'T THINK
I'M COMING BACK.
WHAT? YOU'VE ONLY JUST BEGUN.
YEAH. WELL, THIS IS
NOT EXACTLY WHAT I--
LAWRENCE.
YEAH?
WHAT DID YOU DO
BEFORE YOU TOOK THIS POST?
UH, WELL, I'VE DONE
A LOT OF DIFFERENT THINGS.
I, UM--
I INVENTED THIS THING
CALLED THE SNAPPER.
DID YOU GIVE UP
ON THAT AS WELL?
NO. I DIDN'T. NO, I JUST
HIT A FEW ROADBLOCKS.
YOU MIGHT'VE HEARD
OF THE CLAPPER.
LAWRENCE.
- YES, SIR.
- SOME MEN ARE BORN GREAT.
OTHERS HAVE GREATNESS
THRUST UPON THEM.
FOR YOU, THIS IS
THAT VERY MOMENT.
- BOO!
- AAAH!
[ Laughing ]
BULLY! GOTCHA, BOY.
- YEAH. YOU GOT ME.
- MMM.
[ Sighs ]
[ Shouts ]
SAY HELLO TO
YOUR LITTLE FRIEND!
HEY!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
PUT ME DOWN!
I DON'T LIKE TO BE MANHANDLED!
- JUST CALM DOWN, JED.
- IT DOESN'T FEEL GOOD!
- IT MAKES ME FEEL
SMALL AND POWERLESS.
- YOU DONE?
I'M GONNA SHOOT YOU
IN YOUR DANG EYE.
IN YOUR DADGUM EYE.
[ Grunts ]
[ Clicks ]
YEAH, KEEP SHOOTIN'.
NOTHING'S GONNA HAPPEN.
NOW YOU KNOW MY SHAME.
JEDIDIAH'S IMPOTENT RAGE.
HIS GUNS DON'T FIRE.
TAKE ME AWAY.
THIS AIN'T OVER! YOU AIN'T
SEEN THE LAST OF ME!
YEAH, I DON'T WANNA
HEAR IT, OKAY?
[ Dinosaur Roars ]
DUCK!
WHOA!
[ Jedidiah ]
THE BIGGER THEY ARE,
THE HARDER THEY FALL.
THIS IS NOT WORTH
$11.50 AN HOUR.
[ Jedidiah ] LOOK,
THE GIANT'S SCARED. THERE'S
A BIGGER GIANT RUNNIN' AROUND.
[ Quacking ]
HELLO!
LARRY?
[ Shouts ]
[ All Gasp ]
OH! OH, DON'T DO THAT!
WE'RE TOO OLD FOR SURPRISES.
REALLY? I THOUGHT
YOU LIKED SURPRISES. LIKE, UH,
HOW YOU SURPRISED ME...
WITH THE FACT THAT
EVERYTHING IN THE MUSEUM
COMES TO LIFE AT NIGHT!
THAT LITTLE SWEETHEART.
LARRY, WE WANTED TO TELL YOU.
YOU NEVER WOULD HAVE
BELIEVED US.
DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA
WHAT I'VE BEEN THROUGH TONIGHT?
WHAT?
I SAID, "DO YOU HAVE
ANY IDEA WHAT I'VE BEEN
THROUGH TONIGHT?"
KEEP A LID ON IT,
BUTTERSCOTCH!
I DON'T EVEN KNOW IF WHAT
HAPPENED WAS REAL OR NOT,
BUT I DID NOT SIGN UP FOR THIS.
I JUST NEED A REGULAR JOB THAT--
THAT IS NOT LIFE-THREATENING
AND PAYS MY BILLS.
SO THANK YOU VERY MUCH, AND, UH,
I LEFT MY UNIFORM IN THE OFFICE,
AND I WILL BE SEEING YOU.
LARRY!
BAH.
DAD.
HEY.
HEY, BUDDY.
WHAT ARE YOU GUYS DOIN' HERE?
ERICA HAD TO BE IN COURT
EARLY THIS MORNING,
SO I'M TAKING
MR. BIG STUFF HERE
TO SCHOOL.
- BUT HE WANTED TO SWING BY
TO SEE YOU IN THE NEW JOB.
- OH.
IT'S SO AWESOME
THAT YOU'RE WORKING HERE.
HEY, NIKO, WANT TO TAKE
A LITTLE LOOK-A-DOO INSIDE?
MAYBE YOUR DAD WILL
GIVE YOU A V.I.P. TOUR.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
UM, WE'RE PRETTY SLAMMED
THIS MORNING.
YEAH, BUT, NICKY, I PROMISE,
I'LL, UH-- I'LL SHOW YOU
AROUND SOON, OKAY? DEAL?
- DEAL.
- ALL RIGHT.
- BYE, DAD.
- BYE.
LOVE YOU.
LOVE YOU TOO, BUDDY.
BYE NOW.
ALL RIGHT.
HEY, LARRY.
SO, I WAS THINKIN' MAYBE
I'LL GIVE IT ONE MORE NIGHT.
I'M GLAD YOU CAME AROUND.
WELCOME BACK.
YOU! NEW NIGHT GUARD,
HERE, NOW.
WHAT'S UP?
"WHAT'S UP?"
OH. WELL, TAKE A WALK
WITH ME, AND I'LL SHOW YOU,
MR. "WHAT'S UP." COME ON.
SO, WOULD YOU KINDLY
DO ME THE FAVOR
OF EXPLAINING THIS?
OOH. OKAY.
UH, I'M GUESSING--
AND I'M JUST SPITBALLING
HERE-- BUT, UH,
LOOKS LIKE THAT ROMAN DUDE
GOT COCKY AND CLIMBED OVER
INTO THE WILD WEST.
AND THAT COWBOY KNOWS
THE ROMAN DUDE WANTS TO
TAKE OVER HIS TERRITORY,
SO HE ROUNDED UP A POSSE
AND PUT HIM IN THE STOCKADE.
[ Laughing Sarcastically ]
LET'S ALL LAUGH AT ME,
THE COMEDY NIGHT GUARD.
NO IS THE ANSWER.
SARCASM BACK AT YOU,
WITH YOUR HUMOR BOX.
I WASN'T LAUGHING.
I WAS PRETENDING TO LAUGH,
IF THAT'S WHAT YOU WANT,
SOME SORT OF BATTLE OF HUMOR.
DO YOU?
NO.
I DON'T WANT A--
NO, I DON'T WANT
A BATTLE OF HUMOR.
NO, YOU DON'T,
BECAUSE IT WOULD
BE A BLOODBATH.
NOTHING FUNNY
ABOUT LITTLE BIGHORN.
NO. I FIND IT ABOUT
AS FUNNY AS A "FANCIST."
IT'S NOT FUNNY. OKAY?
AND I WILL NOT STAND
FOR THIS TYPE OF BLATANT S--
IF I'M NOT CLEAR, TELL ME.
AM I CLEAR?
YEAH.
HEY, CECIL.
YOU GOT AN EXTRA COPY OF THAT,
UH, INSTRUCTION MANUAL?
OH, NO, I'M AFRAID NOT, LARRY.
LISTEN, I'LL TELL YOU
WHAT YOU DO.
READ SOME BOOKS.
BRUSH UP ON YOUR HISTORY.
HELPED ME A LOT
WHEN I FIRST STARTED OUT.
[ Rebecca ]
THIS MUSEUM
WAS ORIGINALLY DEDICATED...
TO THAT MAN
ON THE HORSE UP THERE--
PRESIDENT THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
HE ABSOLUTELY LOVED HISTORY
AND BELIEVED THAT THE MORE
YOU KNOW ABOUT THE PAST...
THE BETTER PREPARED
YOU ARE FOR THE FUTURE.
OKAY, KIDS. WHO CAN TELL ME
WHAT THIS ROOM IS CALLED?
[ All Shouting ]
VERY GOOD.
THE HALL OF AFRICAN MAMMALS.
RIGHT HERE WE HAVE THE KING
OF THE JUNGLE, THE LION.
AND UP AHEAD IS ONE OF MY
FAVORITE CREATURES IN THE WHOLE
MUSEUM, THE CAPUCHIN MONKEY.
A HIGHLY INTELLIGENT PRIMATE...
- KNOWN FOR ITS LOVING
AND GENEROUS NATURE.
- [ Chuckles ]
EXCUSE ME?
I-- I-- I JUST
THOUGHT THAT WAS--
I-- I JUST WAS
LAUGHING IN AGREEMENT.
HAPPY MONKEY.
ALL RIGHT, KIDS. THIS WAY.
LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING.
I'M NOT BUYIN' IT.
YOU MIGHT HAVE THEM FOOLED.
YOU MIGHT HAVE THE KIDS FOOLED.
NOT ME.
CAN'T GET PAST ME.
THERE'S A STORM COMIN', BUDDY.
THERE'S A STORM COMIN'.
[ Rebecca ]
ONE OF THE MOST FAMOUS
TRACKERS IN HISTORY,
SAKAGAWEA WAS THE WOMAN
WHO LED LEWIS AND CLARK...
ON THEIR EXPEDITION
TO FIND THE PACIFIC OCEAN.
NOW, YOU GUYS HAVE PROBABLY
HEARD THE SAYING, "ACTIONS SPEAK
LOUDER THAN WORDS."
AND YET THEY WROTE--
YES, MR. DALEY?
YES. WAS SHE DEAF?
WAS SHE DEAF?
UM, NO. SHE WAS NOT.
BUT SHE--
YEAH, 'CAUSE, JUST,
SHE DOES SEEM A LITTLE BIT,
SORT OF, UNRESPONSIVE.
THAT'S BECAUSE SHE'S A STATUE.
UM, KIDS, COULD YOU
GIVE ME ONE SEC?
GO CHECK HER OUT.
SHE'S REALLY COOL.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
WELL, I'M GONNA BE HERE
EVERY NIGHT,
AND I JUST WANTED
TO LEARN A LITTLE BIT MORE
ABOUT WHAT I'M GUARDING.
ACTUALLY, I'VE GOT A BUNCH
OF QUESTIONS. MAYBE, I DON'T
KNOW, WHEN YOU HAVE A BREAK,
COULD I BUY YOU A CUP
OF COFFEE OR SOMETHING?
A CUP OF COFFEE?
YEAH, I MEAN,
JUST PURELY A, YOU KNOW,
COLLEAGUE-TO-COLLEAGUE
INFORMATION DOWNLOAD
SORT OF COFFEE.
I FINISH IN 20 MINUTES.
I'LL MEET YOU OUTSIDE.
THANK YOU... SO MUCH.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
AND HAVE A GOOD REST OF YOUR--
ALL RIGHT. ALL RIGHT.
OKAY, KIDS!
IT WAS INCREDIBLE
WHAT SHE DID.
SHE LITERALLY LED THESE MEN
ACROSS RIVERS, UP MOUNTAINS.
ALL WITH HER NEWBORN BABY
ON HER BACK. SHE WAS LIKE
THE ULTIMATE WORKING MOTHER.
WOW. YOU ARE QUITE
THE "SAKAGAWAYAN" EXPERT.
"SAKAGAWEE-AN."
"SAKAGAWEE-AN"?
YEAH. I SHOULD BE. I'VE BEEN
WRITING MY DISSERTATION
ON HER FOR FOUR YEARS.
FOUR YEARS? YOU'VE BEEN WORKING
ON ONE PAPER FOR FOUR YEARS?
THAT WOULD DRIVE ME CRAZY.
ACTUALLY, IT'S MORE LIKE
A 900-PAGE BOOK.
SO, WHAT'S YOUR STORY?
YOU ALWAYS WANTED TO BE
A SECURITY GUARD?
UH--
[ Chuckles ]
OH, I DIDN'T MEAN TO--
NO, NO, NO, NO.
UM, NO, I'M DIVORCED,
AND I HAVE A 10-YEAR-OLD SON,
SO I NEEDED TO FIND A--
A MORE STEADY SITUATION.
GOT IT. SO WHAT CAN I
TELL YOU ABOUT THE MUSEUM?
OKAY. ATTILA THE HUN--
WHAT IS THAT GUY'S PROBLEM?
ATTILA WAS CONSIDERED
THE ONLY GENUINE THREAT
TO THE ROMAN EMPIRE.
"KNOWN AS
THE 'SCOURGE OF GOD,'
"ATTILA AND HIS HUNS
WOULD OFTEN...
"TEAR OFF THE LIMBS
OF THEIR HELPLESS VICTIMS.
"ATTILA WAS FAMOUS FOR HIS
SUPERSTITIOUS BELIEFS.
"HE SURROUNDED HIMSELF
WITH A PHALANX OF SORCERERS
AND MAGICIANS...
WHO ADVISED AND MYSTIFIED HIM
WITH THEIR DARK ARTS."
[ Sighs ]
LARRY?
JUST WANTED TO SAY
GOOD LUCK, SON.
AND GOOD-BYE.
WE'RE CLOCKING OUT
FOR THE LAST TIME.
IF YOU'RE EVER IN BOCA,
LOOK US UP.
WHOA. WAIT.
YOU GUYS ARE GOIN' OUT OF TOWN?
WHAT IF THIS DOESN'T WORK OUT?
A SMART FELLOW LIKE YOU?
YOU'LL BE FINE.
YEAH, WE'LL JUST BE
A PHONE CALL AWAY.
COME ON. WALK US OUT.
UH, UH, YOU FELLOWS GO AHEAD.
I, UH--
I-- I-- I NEED A MOMENT.
HE'S VERY EMOTIONAL.
A LOT OF, UH,
MEMORIES IN THIS ROOM.
[ Man ]
¶ DON'T BE SHOCKED
BY THE TONE OF MY VOICE ¶
¶ CHECK OUT MY NEW WEAPON
¶ WEAPON OF CHOICE
¶ DON'T BE SHOCKED
BY THE TONE OF MY VOICE ¶
¶ CHECK OUT MY NEW WEAPON
¶ WEAPON OF CHOICE
YEAH ¶
[ Growling ]
AHA.
GO CRAZY, BIG GUY.
¶ LISTEN TO
THE SOUND OF MY VOICE
YOU CAN CHECK IT ON OUT ¶
HEY, GUYS.
QUEST FOR FIRE?
OVER.
KNOCK YOURSELVES OUT.
MORNING, DUM-DUM.
ME NO DUM-DUM. YOU DUM-DUM.
YOU BRING ME GUM-GUM?
YES, I DID, FATHEAD.
- LOTS AND LOTS OF GUM-GUM.
- MMM!
[ Shouting In
Foreign Language ]
WHAT'S THAT?
I CAN'T HEAR YOU
THROUGH THE... GLASS.
SORRY.
[ Octavius ]
HEAVE!
[ Horse Whinnies ]
HEAVE! HEAVE!
HEY.
HEAVE!
WHAT'S GOIN' ON OVER HERE?
WE EXPAND OR WE DIE.
- HEAVE! HEAVE!
- [ Jedidiah ]
ON THE COUNT OF THREE,
YOU BLOW THIS ANTHILL
TO KINGDOM COME!
[ Cowboys Whooping ]
[ Jedidiah ]
AND A-ONE!
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA!
HEY, HEY, JED! STOP THAT!
[ Jedidiah ] AND A-TWO!
ALL RIGHT? DON'T DO THAT. YOU
BLOW A HOLE IN YOUR MOUNTAIN,
ALL YOU'RE GONNA HIT IS A WALL.
STEP ASIDE, GIGANTOR.
WE GOT US A RAILROAD TO BUILD.
WE'RE BLOWIN' A HOLE
IN THAT THING.
OKAY, FIRST OF ALL, ENOUGH
WITH THE GIGANTOR GIANT STUFF.
OKAY? I'M JUST TRYIN'
TO CLOSE UP SHOP.
WE'RE GONNA BLOW IT ANYWAY!
AND A-THREE!
[ Cowboy ]
WHOO!
YEAH, POOF.
WOW.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
WHAT'S IT LOOK LIKE WE'RE DOIN'?
IT'S MANIFEST DESTINY.
YOU CAN'T FIGHT IT,
AND NEITHER CAN I!
GO! MORE DYNAMITE!
[ Jedidiah ]
YEAH, USE IT ALL! WHOO!
ALL RIGHT. OKAY.
LISTEN, "OCTAVUS"?
YOU GOTTA STOP THAT.
IT'S OCTAVIUS, MARY.
OKAY, YOU KNOW WHAT?
FINE. GREAT. HERE YOU GO.
THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS.
YOU CANNOT DO THIS! I AM
A ROMAN GENERAL! I HAVE RIGHTS!
AND YOU.
DO IT ALL-- HEY! NO!
PUT ME DOWN!
KEEP HEAVING, MEN!
I WILL RETURN, I SWEAR!
YOU CAN'T STOP PROGRESS!
WE'RE GONNA HAVE
A LITTLE TALK, OKAY?
I TOLD YOU, I DON'T LIKE
TO BE MANHANDLED!
NO, I WILL MANHANDLE YOU,
JEDIDIAH!
NOW LISTEN, GUYS,
WHAT IS YOUR PROBLEM, HUH?
WHY CAN'T YOU JUST GET ALONG?
LOOK, WE'RE MEN. WE FIGHT, OKAY?
THAT'S WHAT WE DO.
IT'S KINDA HOW
WE PASS THE TIME.
YOU'RE, LIKE, A-- A GIANT,
A FREAK, IF YOU WILL.
WE CAN'T EXPECT YOU
TO UNDERSTAND THAT.
YOU GUYS GOT THE WHOLE ROOM
TO RUN AROUND IN. YOU DON'T
HAVE TO BE NEAR EACH OTHER.
- WHAT? YOU MEAN--
- YOU'RE GONNA LET US OUT?
WHAT, AND JUST--
JUST ROAM FREE?
YEAH. YEAH, I MIGHT,
IF YOU PROMISE TO BEHAVE.
THAT MEANS NO FIREBALLS,
NO EXPLOSIONS, OKAY?
- YOU HAVE MY WORD, MY LIEGE.
- YEAH, N-NO PROBLEMO, GIGANTOR.
UM, MY NAME'S LARRY,
FIRST OF ALL, OKAY, JED?
SO I CALL YOU JED.
I DON'T CALL YOU TINY, RIGHT?
- WHAT'S THAT SUPPOSED TO MEAN?
- HEY, TEENY.
HOW DOES THAT SOUND?
I-I DON'T LIKE IT.
IT HURTS MY FEELINGS.
OKAY, WELL, GIGANTOR MAKES ME
FEEL LIKE SOME SORT OF FREAK.
SO, UM, YOU KNOW--
I DON'T--
I JUST CALL YOU LARRY.
DON'T BE A KISS-ASS, OKAY?
NOW LOOK, I'M TRUSTING YOU GUYS,
ALL RIGHT?
IF YOU DON'T DO WHAT I SAY,
YOU'RE GONNA END UP LIKE YOUR
BUDDIES IN THE MAYAN WORLD.
LOCKED UP.
TAKE A LOOK.
[ Indistinct Shouting ]
- DO THEY LOOK HAPPY?
- NO.
THEY LOOK SAD.
'CAUSE THEY CAN'T DO
WHAT THEY WANT TO DO.
NOW I'M LETTING YOU GUYS
HAVE A LITTLE BIT OF LEASH HERE.
DON'T CHOKE ME WITH IT, OKAY?
NOW I GOTTA RUN.
YOU GUYS PLAY NICE, OKAY?
OKAY. GOOD. THANKS.
HEY, HOW'S THAT GUM
TREATIN' YOU, DUM-DUM?
[ Growls ]
GOOD.
[ Chittering ]
OH, HEY, DEXTER.
I'M JUST LOCKING UP.
YOU WANT IN?
[ Chittering ]
YEAH? WHOA!
ALL RIGHT.
[ Chittering Continues ]
OH. WHAT'S THAT?
YOU GOT MY KEYS?
- [ Chittering ]
- I DON'T THINK SO.
LOOKS LIKE UNCLE LARRY
PULLED A FAST ONE
ON LITTLE DEXY.
THOSE ARE BABY KEYS
FOR A LITTLE BABY.
SO HAVE FUN PLAYIN'
WITH YOUR BABY KEYS,
LITTLE BABY MONKEY.
MAYBE TOMORROW NIGHT I'LL
BRING YOU A BABY "DIAPIE"
SO YOU CAN GO POO-POO IN IT.
THEN I'LL GIVE YOU
A LITTLE TICKLE 'CAUSE
YOU'RE A CUTE LITTLE BABY.
WILL YOU CRY ALL NIGHT LONG
ABOUT HOW UNCLE LARRY
FOOLED YOU, HUH?
TOLD YOU THERE WAS
A STORM COMIN'.
[ Chittering ]
THIS WAY.
[ Trumpeting ]
- HEY, TEDDY.
- LAWRENCE!
YOU IMPERTINENT PUP.
I KNEW YOU'D COME BACK.
YOU LOOK LIKE A MAN
ON A MISSION.
YEAH, I'M GONNA GIVE IT
ANOTHER SHOT.
[ Sighs ]
YOU, UH--
WHAT?
YOU CHECKIN' HER OUT?
[ Scoffs ]
THE NERVE!
"CHECKING HER OUT."
I'VE NEVER HEARD
OF SUCH A THING.
NO, NO, NO. I'M JUST--
I MEAN, YOU KNOW, SHE'S--
SHE'S VERY BEAUTIFUL.
BEAUTIFUL?
YEAH.
WELL, A HANDSOME
WOMAN, I SUPPOSE.
YEAH.
MAYBE YOU SHOULD GO, UH--
GO TALK TO HER.
- INDEED!
- YEAH.
BLESS YA, LAD.
CARRY ON.
ALL RIGHT. GOOD.
SEE YA.
[ Sighs ]
I-- UH--
[ Grunts ]
HEY. HI.
[ Shouting
In Foreign Language ]
[ All Shouting ]
NO! IT'S OKAY. IT'S OKAY.
YOU GUYS SPEAK ENGLISH? NO?
[ Foreign Language ]
RIGHT. OKAY, I DON'T KNOW
WHAT THAT MEANS,
AND I KNOW THAT YOU AND I
KINDA GOT OFF ON THE WRONG FOOT
LAST NIGHT,
BUT... A LITTLE BIRDIE...
TOLD ME THAT SOMEBODY
LIKES... MAGIC.
- MAGIC?
- MAGIC.
SORCERY.
AH, "SORSOR"--
YES, ILLUSION.
EVERYBODY LIKES MAGIC.
AND FLOWERS.
PEOPLE LIKE FLOWERS.
[ All Gasp ]
THERE YOU GO.
THOSE ARE FOR YOU.
YOU KNOW WHAT ELSE
PEOPLE LIKE? MONEY.
THE ALMIGHTY DOLLAR, RIGHT?
BUT MONEY CAN SOMETIMES...
DISAPPEAR.
[ Foreign Language ]
YEAH.
AT LEAST THAT'S WHAT I... HEAR.
[ All Laughing ]
NO WONDER YOU
CAN'T UNDERSTAND ME.
YOU GOT A COIN IN YOUR EAR.
[ Laughing Continues ]
[ Foreign Language ]
OH, CHECK THIS OUT.
ANYBODY NEED A HANKY?
WELL, I WOULDN'T SUGGEST
THIS LITTLE FELLER,
'CAUSE HE HAS A NASTY HABIT...
OF VANISHING.
[ All Murmuring ]
INTO THIN AIR.
AH, NO, NO. DON'T.
THAT DEFEATS THE--
DON'T-- DON'T-- AH!
- [ Shouts ]
- [ Screams ]
[ All Shouting ]
AH! OH! OH!
[ Foreign Language ]
[ Shouting ]
[ Grunting ]
NOT THE LIMBS! GUYS!
PLEASE DO NOT TEAR
THE LIMBS!
[ Elephant Trumpeting ]
[ Shouting ]
[ Grunts ]
[ Lion Roaring ]
[ Loud Animal Noises ]
[ Shouting In Italian ]
CORTÉS, RIGHT?
[ Loud Pop ]
[ Muffled Shouting ]
[ Monkey Chittering ]
HOW?
YOU-- DON'T EVEN THINK
ABOUT IT. DON'T YOU--
[ Chittering ]
DEXTER!
[ Chittering Continues ]
OHHH.
COME ON, GUYS.
[ Shouting, Grunting ]
[ Chittering ]
[ Chittering Continues ]
[ Grunting Continues ]
[ Shouting ]
[ Larry ]
HEY! GUYS!
HEY, GUYS! HEY! GUYS!
- OW!
- SORRY. WHAT'S GOING ON?
WHAT HAPPENED HERE?
I THOUGHT WE HAD A DEAL.
WE WILL NEVER COEXIST
WITH THESE BUFFOONS!
WE'RE PAST WORDS,
LAREDO.
NOW IT'S TIME
TO LET SMITH & WESSON
DO THE TALKIN'!
THOSE GUNS
DON'T EVEN WORK.
OH, THEY DON'T?
TAKE A LOOK AT THIS.
AY!
- DON'T KICK ME!
- [ Chittering ]
DEXTER!
[ All Grunting ]
[ Grunting Continues ]
[ Grunting ]
[ All Laughing ]
- WHY?
- [ Laughing ]
[ Chittering ]
HO! DEXTER!
[ Chittering Continues ]
END OF THE LINE,
COOL BREEZE.
END OF THE LINE.
[ Grunting ]
HUH?
[ Excited Grunting ]
[ Grunting Continues ]
[ Shouts ]
I AM NOT PLAYING GAMES HERE.
[ Chittering ]
JUST HAND THEM OVER.
EASY. EASY, DEXTER.
NICE AND EASY, DEX.
THAT'S IT.
[ Grunts ]
[ Chittering ]
[ Groans ]
[ Slapping Continues ]
GOOD LORD, LAWRENCE!
WHY ARE YOU SLAPPING A MONKEY?
TEDDY, THIS GUY'S
BEEN PUSHING ME AND PUSHING ME,
AND I'M SICK OF IT!
POPPYCOCK. THIS LITTLE CREATURE
IS YOUR PRIMATE BROTHER.
WITHOUT HIM,
THERE'S NO US.
ARE YOU RABID?
WIPE THAT OFF.
YOU HAVE TO DEAL WITH THIS
CREATURE WITH LOVE AND RESPECT.
MAY I HAVE THE KEYS,
DEAR FRIEND?
- [ Chittering ]
- THANK YOU. LAWRENCE?
YOU KNOW WHAT? YOU SEEM TO KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE DOING, TEDDY.
SO, UH, I'M GONNA LET YOU
TAKE OVER, ALL RIGHT?
NO, NO! MY DEAR BOY,
YOU CAN'T PUT UP
THE WHITE FLAG NOW.
THE MUSEUM IS ON THE VERGE
OF TOTAL ANARCHY!
LOOK, I TRIED. I CAME BACK
TONIGHT, DIDN'T I?
TRIED? THAT WAS ONE NIGHT.
I DIDN'T BUILD THE
PANAMA CANAL IN ONE DAY!
YEAH, WELL, THAT'S GREAT,
TEDDY, BUT I'M DEALING WITH THE
MOST RIDICULOUS JOB IN HISTORY!
- SOME MEN ARE BORN GREAT,
LAWRENCE.
- YEAH, I KNOW, TEDDY.
OTHERS HAVE GREATNESS
THRUST UPON THEM.
YOU HIT ME WITH THAT
CHESTNUT LAST NIGHT.
THE THING IS,
NOT EVERYONE IS GREAT.
THAT'S THE PROBLEM.
SOME OF US ARE JUST ORDINARY.
NO, YOU'RE NOT, LAWRENCE.
FOR THE LOVE OF GIDEON,
STOP WALLOWING IN SELF-PITY.
EVERY GREAT JOURNEY
BEGINS WITH A SINGLE FOOTSTEP.
IF YOU COULD TEACH THE
INHABITANTS TO GET ALONG, THEY
WOULDN'T NEED TO BE LOCKED UP.
THAT MEANS A LOT
COMING FROM A GUY WHO'S
SPENT THE LAST 50 YEARS...
SPYING ON A GIRL
HE'S NEVER EVEN TALKED TO.
I WAS GOING TO MAKE CONTACT.
LAWRENCE, PLEASE.
I'M DONE, ALL RIGHT?
[ Growling ]
NO, REXY! NO!
[ Braying ]
[ Speaking Italian ]
OH, NO.
ALL RIGHT.
NO ONE COMES HERE ANYMORE.
BESIDES, I TOOK THIS TOUR
IN SECOND GRADE, DALEY.
I'M TELLING YOU.
MY DAD'S GONNA HOOK US UP.
- [ McPhee ]
MR. DALEY.
- YEAH?
- FOAM.
- YES, I KNOW.
- IN THE NEANDERTHAL DISPLAY.
- I KNOW. I KNOW.
THERE WAS AN INCIDENT LAST NIGHT
WITH THE FIRE EXTINGUISHER.
I WAS ON MY WAY TO CLEAN IT UP.
OKAY, DON'T BOTHER.
YOU'RE FIRED.
I DON'T THINK WE'RE
GETTIN' A TOUR TODAY.
YOUR DAD JUST
GOT CANNED, DUDE.
EXCUSE ME?
MR. McPHEE?
EXCUSE ME, MR. McPHEE?
CAN I TALK TO YOU
ABOUT THIS, PLEASE, SIR?
WHAT?
I KNOW I SCREWED UP,
BUT I THINK I FINALLY UNDERSTAND
HOW TO DO THIS JOB.
YOU OBVIOUSLY DON'T.
THAT'S THE POINT.
NO, I DIDN'T, BUT NOW I DO.
REALLY, MR. McPHEE,
IF YOU JUST GIVE ME ONE--
DOCTOR.
DR. McPHEE, JUST--
CAN YOU PLEASE GIVE ME
ONE MORE NIGHT?
ONE MORE NIGHT.
OKAY. THANK YOU.
AND IF ANYTHING
IS THE TINIEST--
AFTER YOUR SHIFT--
WHOO!
[ Makes Crashing Noise ]
BECAUSE--
GOT IT.
OKAY?
OKAY.
FOOL ME ONCE,
SHAME ON YOU.
FOOL ME TWICE--
SHAME ON ME.
HUH?
FOOL ME--
SHAME ON ME.
YOU.
FOOL ME TWICE--
GOT IT.
TAKE IT OR LEAVE IT.
OKAY. THANK YOU.
HEY.
WHAT'S WRONG?
MAYBE YOU SHOULD ASK NICKY.
HEY, BUDDY.
WHAT'S GOIN' ON?
YOU GOT FIRED.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKIN' ABOUT?
I DIDN'T GET FIRED.
I CAME TO THE MUSEUM
THIS MORNING.
I SAW YOUR BOSS
YELLING AT YOU.
WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL ME?
NO, EVERYTHING'S FINE.
I JUST-- WE JUST HAD
A LITTLE MISUNDERSTANDING.
WHY?
IT'S HARD TO EXPLAIN. IT'S GOT--
I MEAN, YOU WOULDN'T BEL--
YOU KNOW WHAT?
LET ME SHOW YOU.
SHOW ME WHAT?
COME TO WORK
WITH ME TONIGHT.
LARRY, CAN, UM--
CAN I TALK TO YOU FOR A SECOND?
[ Sighs ]
AM I IN TROUBLE?
LARRY, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I JUST WANT TO SHOW HIM
WHAT I DO. THAT'S ALL.
I LOVE THAT YOU WANT
TO SHARE THAT WITH HIM,
BUT I GOTTA TELL YOU,
I DON'T THINK NICKY
HAS ANY ROOM IN HIS HEART
FOR MORE DISAPPOINTMENT.
HE WON'T BE DISAPPOINTED.
LARRY--
[ Chattering ]
LISTEN, YOU'RE GONNA HANG OUT
IN THE SECURITY OFFICE
TILL EVERYONE'S GONE.
THEN I'M GONNA COME
GET YOU, ALL RIGHT?
OKAY.
HEY, MISS?
I'M GONNA HAVE TO ASK YOU
TO VACATE THE PREMISES.
- [ Laughs ]
HEY, THERE.
- HEY.
GOOD PLACE TO THINK, HUH?
YEAH, DEFINITELY.
SO, NO BIG PLANS
TONIGHT OR--
YEAH. NO, I'M NOT REALLY
A BIG PLAN PERSON.
I PREFER HANGING OUT
WITH PEOPLE WHO WERE DEAD
FOR 200 YEARS.
IT'S THE LIVE ONES
THAT THROW ME.
THAT'S COOL. SERIOUSLY, THOUGH,
YOU DO HAVE TO LEAVE.
SERIOUSLY?
YEAH. SORRY.
IT'S JUST MUSEUM RULES,
AND WE'RE SORT OF LOCKING
EVERYTHING UP.
NO. OKAY.
YOU'RE REALLY TAKING
YOUR JOB SERIOUSLY. OKAY.
WELL, YOU KNOW,
ONCE I CLIP ON THE TIE,
I'M ALL BUSINESS.
I GET IT.
YEAH. HOW'S THAT
DISSERTATION COMING?
OH, I'VE HIT A DEAD END.
I MEAN, RESEARCH
CAN ONLY GET ME SO FAR.
I'M NEVER GONNA KNOW
WHO SHE REALLY WAS.
SO, I THINK IT'S TIME
THAT I MOVE ON
TO ANOTHER SUBJECT.
I'LL LET YOU
GET BACK TO WORK.
OKAY.
GOOD NIGHT, LARRY.
YEAH. OKAY.
NIGHT.
HEY!
REBECCA!
- HEY, REBECCA.
- HEY.
HEY, LISTEN.
I DON'T THINK YOU SHOULD
GIVE UP ON YOUR PAPER.
OKAY. WHY?
ALL RIGHT, LOOK.
THIS IS GONNA SOUND CRAZY,
ALL RIGHT?
I MEAN, IT'S GONNA SOUND
LIKE REALLY, REALLY CRAZY.
OKAY.
NO, I MEAN LIKE
INSANELY CRAZY.
I CAN HANDLE IT.
OKAY.
YOU KNOW HOW THEY SAY
IN CERTAIN MUSEUMS
HISTORY COMES ALIVE?
YEAH.
IN THIS MUSEUM,
IT ACTUALLY DOES.
[ Whispering ]
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
EVERYTHING IN THIS MUSEUM
COMES TO LIFE AT NIGHT.
REALLY?
YEAH, REALLY.
I'M NOT KIDDING YOU.
YOU KNOW THAT TABLET,
THE TABLET OF AHKMENRAH?
MM-HMM.
IT ACTUALLY
BRINGS THINGS TO LIFE.
IT'S LIKE SOME ANCIENT SPELL.
SINCE THE '50s WHEN IT CAME
HERE, EVERY NIGHT EVERYTHING'S
BEEN COMING TO LIFE.
I KNOW THIS BECAUSE
TEDDY ROOSEVELT TOLD ME.
SERIOUSLY. THE MONKEY, DEXTER?
RIGHT? THE CUTE LITTLE--
WHAT IS HE? LIKE A-A--
A CAPUCHIN.
A CAPUCHIN, RIGHT.
THE CAPUCHIN.
HE URINATED ON ME
AND BIT MY NOSE.
AND SAKAGAWEA
IS IN HER CASE,
ALIVE EVERY NIGHT,
JUST LISTENING
TO LEWIS AND CLARK ARGUE.
SO IF YOU REALLY WANT
TO GET INSIDE HER HEAD,
[ Whispering ]
I CAN HOOK THAT UP.
THAT'S COOL.
YEAH, IT'S COOL.
IT'S FREAKIN' AWESOME!
MAKE FUN
OF THE HISTORY GEEK.
NO. REBECCA!
GOOD NIGHT, LARRY.
NO, I'M NOT
MAKING FUN OF YOU.
REBECCA!
[ Grunts ] THERE YOU GO.
BEST SEAT IN THE HOUSE.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
IF I TOLD YOU,
YOU'D THINK I'M CRAZY,
SO I'M JUST GONNA SHOW YOU.
WHAT?
YOU'LL SEE
IN ABOUT 20 SECONDS.
OKAY, YOU LIKE
TYRANNOSAURUS REX?
YEAH.
YEAH? WELL,
I CALL HIM REXY.
AND HE'S ABOUT
TO COME TO LIFE, NICHOLAS,
IN...
FIVE, FOUR, THREE, TWO--
DAD?
HANG ON A SEC.
SAY HELLO TO REXY!
DAD, ARE YOU OKAY?
THIS IS WEIRD.
GUYS? COME ON!
SUNDOWN!
[ Whispering ] HEY, T.R.
COME ON. RISE AND SHINE, BUDDY.
I NEED YOU TO WAKE UP.
COME ON. MY KID IS HERE.
I NEED YOU TO WAKE UP. TEXAS?
TEXAS, COME ON!
GET ON, TEXAS!
WHOO! GET ON, TEXAS!
GIDDAP!
JUST STOP, OKAY?
NO. NICKY, I'M TELLING YOU.
THERE'S THIS TABLET, OKAY?
IT'S CALLED
THE TABLET OF AHKMENRAH,
AND EVERY NIGHT AT SUNDOWN--
NOW THERE'S A TABLET?
YEAH, THERE IS.
COME ON, DAD.
COME ON.
IT'S GONE.
WHAT'S GONE?
THE TABLET. I THINK
SOMEBODY STOLE IT.
YEAH, RIGHT.
I'M NOT KIDDING, NICKY.
NICKY?
HEY! NICKY!
HEY! HEY, NICKY!
WHERE ARE YOU GOING? HUH?
HOME.
WHAT? WAIT A MINUTE.
[ Door Opens ]
COME ON.
WHOA.
- YOU GUYS SHOULDN'T BE HERE.
- GIVE US THE TABLET, SON.
WAIT A MINUTE, NICKY.
WHAT ARE YOU GUYS DOING?
WE'RE NOT GONNA HURT YOU.
GIVE US THE TABLET.
I'M SORRY TO TELL YOU THIS,
SON, BUT YOUR DAD DOESN'T
WORK HERE ANYMORE.
GOT FIRED THIS MORNING.
COULDN'T HACK IT.
DAD, I THOUGHT YOU SAID
YOU WEREN'T FIRED.
I DID, NICKY. THEY'RE LYING.
THEY'RE TRYING
TO STEAL THAT THING.
JUST TURN THE MIDDLE PIECE.
YOU'LL SEE WHAT I WAS
TALKING ABOUT.
THAT IS MUSEUM PROPERTY,
SON. NOW GIVE IT BACK.
NICKY, TRUST ME.
JUST TURN IT.
[ Gus ]
GIVE US THE TABLET!
NICKY, TRUST ME.
[ Joints Creaking ]
[ Mammoth Trumpeting ]
NICK, RUN, NOW.
GET BACK HERE, KID!
WHOA!
[ Grunts ]
BAD IDEA, LARRY.
YOU WANNA DANCE, HOT DOG?
DO YOU WANNA DANCE?
GUS, YOU'RE AN OLD MAN.
I DON'T WANT TO HURT-- OOH! OW!
AH!
YOU SEE, LARRY,
A FEW YEARS INTO THE JOB,
THE THREE OF US REALIZED
THAT, LIKE EVERYTHING ELSE
IN THIS MUSEUM,
WE GOT NEW LIFE AT NIGHT.
SUNDOWN TO SUNRISE,
WE FELT YOUNG AGAIN.
[ Grunts, Groans ]
OKAY. DID NOT SEE THAT COMING.
GAVE US AN ENERGY BOOST.
WE LOVE THE NIGHTLIFE,
LARRY.
SO WHEN WE FOUND OUT
THEY WERE GONNA FIRE US,
WE HAD TO STEAL THE TABLET.
EVERYONE KNOWS
YOU NEED THE MONEY.
ADD TO THAT THE STUFF
WE PLANTED IN YOUR PLACE--
PRETTY OBVIOUS
YOU COMMITTED THE CRIME.
TAKE CARE OF THAT CUT.
COME ON, GUYS.
LET'S GO FIND THAT KID.
SWEET DREAMS, CUPCAKE!
NO!
PILE DRIVER!
[ Groans ]
COME ON.
LET'S GET OUR TABLET.
[ Animal Noises ]
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
WE'LL TAKE IT FROM HERE.
NICKY!
[ Screams, Groans ]
JUST IN TIME, LARRY.
WE WERE JUST LOCKING UP.
SLEEP TIGHT, HOTSHOT.
[ Laughs ]
LET'S GRAB EVERYTHING
WE CAN FENCE.
I DON'T KNOW ABOUT YOU,
BUT I'M PLANNING
ON A LONG RETIREMENT.
[ Laughing ]
[ Trumpeting ]
TEDDY! TEDDY, IF YOU'RE
OUT THERE, I NEED YOU, PAL!
[ Horse Whinnies ]
- SOMEONE CALL MY NAME?
- WHOA.
THEODORE ROOSEVELT
AT YOUR SERVICE.
- TEDDY, CAN YOU GET US
OUT OF HERE?
- CAN'T DO IT, MAN.
- THIS IS YOUR MOMENT.
- WILL YOU SAVE THE LECTURES,
PLEASE? I'M NOT YOU, OKAY?
I DIDN'T BUILD THE PANAMA CANAL.
I WASN'T PRESIDENT
OF THE UNITED STATES.
I NEED SOME HELP!
COME ON!
ACTUALLY, I NEVER DID
ANY OF THOSE THINGS.
TEDDY ROOSEVELT DID.
I WAS MADE
IN A MANNEQUIN FACTORY
IN POUGHKEEPSIE.
I NEVER SHOT
A WILD BEAST.
I'M NOT EVEN BRAVE ENOUGH
TO TELL THAT BEAUTIFUL
WOMAN I LOVE HER.
BUT YOU--
YOU GOTTA FINISH
THE JOB THIS TIME.
YOU CAN'T QUIT.
I'M MADE OF WAX, LARRY.
WHAT ARE YOU MADE OF?
- WHOA, WHOA! WAIT A MINUTE!
THAT'S ALL YOU GOT FOR ME?
- THAT'S IT!
[ Growling ]
[ Loud Wailing ]
THAT'S IT. COME ON.
DUCK!
GO OVER THERE!
[ Wailing Continues ]
[ Screams ]
HEY. HI.
HOW YOU DOIN'?
UM, SORRY TO BOTHER YOU,
BUT, UH, YOUR GUYS THERE,
YOUR JACKAL GUYS--
DO YOU THINK YOU COULD ACTUALLY
ASK THEM TO BACK OFF, PLEASE?
WE'RE NOT TRYING TO HURT YOU,
AND THEY THINK WE ARE.
- DO YOU THINK YOU COULD
POSSIBLY DO IT, LIKE, NOW?
- [ Shouts In Foreign Language ]
[ Foreign Language ]
THANK YOU. NICKY.
THANK YOU.
- [ Shouting ]
- DAD?
[ Shouting Continues ]
[ Gasps, Coughing ]
[ Coughs ]
YOU WOULD NOT BELIEVE
HOW STUFFY IT IS IN THERE.
HOW COME
YOU SPEAK ENGLISH?
- I WENT
TO CAMBRIDGE UNIVERSITY.
- YOU WENT TO CAMBRIDGE?
I WAS ON DISPLAY
IN THE EGYPTOLOGY DEPARTMENT.
I AM AHKMENRAH,
FOURTH KING OF THE FOURTH KING,
RULER OF THE LAND OF MY FATHERS.
UH, I AM LARRY,
SON OF MILTON,
AND, UH, THIS IS MY SON, NICK,
AND WE HAIL FROM BROOKLYN.
WELL, I DO. I MEAN, HE COMES OUT
AND STAYS WITH ME ON WEDNESDAYS
AND EVERY OTHER WEEKEND.
THAT WAS THE, UH, CUSTODY
AGREEMENT THAT WE HAD.
LARRY, NICK,
GUARDIANS OF BROOKLYN,
I AM FOREVER IN YOUR DEBT.
NOW BESTOW THE TABLET
UPON ME...
SO THAT I MAY ASSUME
COMMAND OF MY KINGDOM.
OH, YES. OKAY, THE TABLET.
I WOULD LOVE
TO BESTOW IT UPON YOU,
BUT WE DON'T ACTUALLY HAVE IT.
THANKS, GUYS. DON'T WORRY.
I'LL WATCH OUT FOR HIM.
THANK YOU.
[ Loud Commotion ]
[ Commotion Continues ]
[ Man Shouting ]
WHAT IS THAT?
- [ Shouting Continues ]
- HUNS.
- I GOTTA DEAL WITH THIS GUY.
- [ Shouts ]
- [ Shouting ]
[ Shouting Stops ]
[ Shouting
In Foreign Language ]
[ Shouting Gibberish ]
[ Shouting ]
[ Foreign Language ]
PARDON ME, LARRY.
I SPEAK HUN.
[ Speaking Foreign Language ]
[ Foreign Language ]
[ Shouting ]
HE SAYS THAT HE WANTS
TO RIP YOU APART.
ALL RIGHT.
AGAIN WITH THE RIPPING.
LISTEN, I UNDERSTAND.
I GET IT. RIPPING FOR YOU--
YOU WANT TO RIP THINGS, OKAY?
AND I THINK MAYBE THAT'S
BECAUSE SOMEBODY RIPPED YOU
A LONG TIME AGO.
IN HERE.
DID SOMEBODY RIP LITTLE--
LITTLE BABY ATTILA...
A LONG TIME AGO
RIGHT HERE?
THEY RIPPED-- THEY RIPPED
SOMETHING OUT, DIDN'T THEY?
THEY RIPPED LOVE.
THEY RIPPED LOVE
RIGHT OUT OF YOU, DIDN'T THEY?
A LITTLE BABY
ALL ALONE IN A TENT...
WHOSE DADDY WENT OFF...
TO PILLAGE SOME TOWN
OR GO AND PLUNDER SOMEWHERE.
JUST DOING HIS JOB.
BUT WHO WAS LEFT ALONE?
YOU.
[ Sobbing ]
IT'S OKAY.
[ Sobbing Continues ]
LET IT OUT. LET IT GO.
LET IT GO.
¶ [ Singing Gibberish ]
IT'S OKAY. IT'S OKAY.
YOU'RE NEXT.
YEAH.
[ Sighs ]
GOOD. THAT'S GOOD.
JUST BREATHE.
JUST-- JUST--
[ Shudders ]
[ Exhales ]
YEAH.
LARRY DALEY?
YEAH?
[ Foreign Language ]
GOOD. YES.
[ Grunting ]
YEAH, OKAY. GOOD. GOOD.
[ Loud Commotion ]
ALL RIGHT!
I NEED EVERYBODY
TO LISTEN UP!
- [ Commotion Continues ]
- GUYS, COME ON!
[ Easter Island Head ]
QUIET!
[ Voice Echoing ]
[ Squawks ]
[ Trumpets ]
[ All Screaming ]
- MY DUM-DUM WANT TO SPEAK.
- THANK YOU.
NOW THIS HERE
IS KING AHKMENRAH.
HIS TABLET IS WHAT BRINGS YOU
TO LIFE EVERY NIGHT.
AND THOSE OLD NIGHT WATCHMEN--
THEY STOLE IT.
NOW WE NEED TO FIND THOSE GUARDS
AND GET THE TABLET BACK,
AND WE NEED TO DO IT
BEFORE MORNING.
CIVIL WAR GUYS, HEAD OVER
TO THE PLANETARIUM WING.
MY EXPLORER FRIEND
WHOSE NAME ESCAPES ME--
- [ Whispering ]
IT'S COLUMBUS.
- RIGHT, COLUMBUS.
RIGHT. I'M SORRY.
THERE'S NO NAMEPLATE.
SO, COLUMBUS,
TAKE THE NEANDERTHALS AND
DO A SWEEP FROM INVERTEBRATES
ALL THE WAY THROUGH REPTILES.
JED AND OCTAVIUS,
THEIR VAN'S PARKED OUT BACK.
GO TAKE CARE OF IT.
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA. NO. NO, SIR.
I AIN'T WORKIN' WITH TOGA BOY.
ROMANS WORK ALONE. OW!
THAT DIDN'T HURT.
DON'T BE A BABY.
YES, IT DID!
COME ON! AAAH!
THAT WAS MUCH HARDER!
GUYS, COME ON!
JED, OCTAVIUS,
TAKE AWAY THE FACT
YOU WERE BORN 2,000 YEARS APART.
YOU GUYS AREN'T THAT DIFFERENT.
YOU'RE BOTH GREAT LEADERS.
YOU JUST WANT WHAT'S BEST
FOR YOUR PEOPLE, RIGHT?
YEAH.
CIVIL WAR DUDES!
YOU GUYS ARE BROTHERS,
FOR GOD'S SAKES.
YOU'VE GOTTA STOP FIGHTING.
NORTH WINS.
SLAVERY'S BAD. SORRY.
DON'T WANNA BURST YOUR BUBBLE.
BUT, SOUTH, YOU GUYS GET...
ALLMAN BROTHERS
AND... NASCAR.
SO JUST CHILL!
LOOK, WITHOUT THAT TABLET,
ALL OF THIS--
THIS WHOLE COMING
TO LIFE AT NIGHT THING--
IT ALL GOES AWAY.
NOW, I DON'T WANT
TO LET THAT HAPPEN,
BUT I NEED YOUR HELP.
WE CAN GET THIS DONE,
BUT WE GOTTA DO IT TOGETHER.
SO WHO'S WITH ME?
- [ Murmurs Of Agreement ]
- YEAH.
- WHO'S WITH ME?
- [ Shouts Of Agreement ]
- CHARGE!
- [ Roars ]
ALL RIGHT!
LET'S DO THIS, PEOPLE!
AND ANIMALS.
AND WEIRD, FACELESS
PUPPET CREATURES.
COME ON! LET'S GO!
LET'S DO IT!
COME ON!
FOLLOW ME, BOYS!
GERONIMO!
[ All Screaming ]
AW, GEEZ!
[ Shouting In Italian ]
NOW, BOYS, WE CAN DO THIS
THE EASY WAY OR THE HARD WAY.
I GUESS IT'S GONNA BE
THE HARD WAY.
[ Italian ]
[ Grunting ]
[ Octavius ]
RIGHT, MEN, WE'RE ALMOST THERE.
[ Screaming ]
[ Air Hissing ]
SAVE YOURSELF!
I AIN'T QUITTIN' YOU!
GUS?
REGINALD? FELLAS?
WHERE ARE YOU?
GUYS?
- [ Whale Calling ]
- [ Screams ]
[ Indistinct Shouting ]
- THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKIN' ABOUT.
GOOD JOB, GENTLEMEN.
- [ Grunting ]
- LOVING THE TEAMWORK.
[ Engine Starts ]
THEY'VE VANISHED.
HOW WILL WE FIND THEM?
I KNOW SOMEONE
WHO COULD HELP. COME ON.
WATCH OUT!
[ Grunts ]
HEY, SAKAGAWEA OR "WAYA."
LISTEN, I NEED A FAVOR.
SOMEBODY STOLE HIS TABLET.
DO YOU THINK YOU CAN TRACK
THE GUYS WHO TOOK IT?
HE WENT EAST,
BUT HE LOST CONTROL AND CRASHED.
YOU'RE AMAZING.
HOW CAN YOU TELL THAT?
HE LEFT THE WAGON
AND WENT BACK.
HE WENT BACK?
WHY WOULD HE GO BACK?
[ Horses Whinnying ]
- GET OUT OF THE WAY!
- [ Gasps ]
[ Grunts ]
YOU SAVED ME.
YOU'RE WORTH SAVING,
MY DEAR.
OOH. THAT'S PROBLEMATIC.
TEDDY! OH, MAN.
LARRY, RELAX. I'M WAX.
YOU'VE GOTTA DO SOMETHING.
DAWN'S APPROACHING, AND HALF THE
MUSEUM IS RUNNING AMOK OUTSIDE.
- HE'S GOT MY TABLET.
- [ Tires Screeching ]
[ Jedidiah ]
YEE-HAW! COME ON, OCKIE!
[ Whooping ]
AT YOUR SERVICE,
GIGANTOR.
HOW CAN WE BE
OF ASSISTANCE, MY LIEGE?
JUST GIVE ME A SECOND, GUYS.
- [ Engine Revs ]
- [ Loud Thumping ]
- REXY.
- [ Roaring ]
HERE, BOY.
TEDDY, I NEED A HORSE.
DO IT, MAN.
- [ Horses Whinnying ]
- HYAH! HYAH!
- [ Roaring ]
- [ Laughing ]
WHOO!
COME ON, BOY!
LET ME HEAR YOU YELL!
- YEAH!
- JUST LIVIN' THE DREAM, BABY!
[ Shouts ]
I'M LOVIN' THIS!
[ Roaring Continues ]
[ Larry ]
PULL THE STAGECOACH OVER NOW!
- WHOA!
- HYAH!
- CAN I MAKE THIS TURN UP HERE?
- UH--
I'LL TAKE THAT AS A YES.
HANG ON!
[ Grunts ]
[ Screaming ]
I CAN'T HOLD HER!
[ Both Screaming ]
COME ON, TEX.
LET'S FINISH THIS.
HYAH! HYAH! COME ON!
HYAH! HYAH!
- GIVE ME THE TABLET, CECIL!
- CAN'T DO IT, SON!
- [ Horses Whinnying ]
- HYAH!
PULL OVER!
IT AIN'T GONNA HAPPEN!
MOVING ON!
LAST CHANCE, CECIL!
STOP THE HORSES, OR I WILL!
THEY CAN'T BE STOPPED, LARRY.
DON'T YOU KNOW YOUR HISTORY?
THESE ARE MONEY CARRIERS.
THEY WERE TRAINED NOT TO STOP
FOR ANYTHING BUT A SECRET WORD.
REALLY? YOU MEAN
A WORD LIKE... DAKOTA!
[ Gasps, Screams ]
- [ Grunts ]
- COME ON, TEX.
I READ UP ON MY HISTORY.
THANKS FOR THE TIP.
OH, AND BY THE WAY,
DON'T EVER TALK TO ME LIKE THAT
IN FRONT OF MY SON.
MOVING ON.
[ Grunts ]
HEY, HUNS.
TELL ATTILA TO HAVE HIS BOYS
TAKE HIM BACK TO THE MUSEUM,
PUT HIM WITH THE GUARDS.
[ Foreign Language ]
OH, AND
NO LIMB RIPPING, OKAY?
- [ Foreign Language ]
- NO, NO, NO, NO.
[ Foreign Language ]
- MAKEEKAKA.
- [ Huns Laughing ]
[ Shouting In Foreign Language ]
MAKEEKAKA!
HEY, W-WAIT.
HOLD THE PHONE.
WHAT DOES "MAKEEKAKA" MEAN?
WAIT. TRANSLATION, PLEASE.
THE YEAR WAS 1909. I WAS GOING
UP THE ZAMBEZI RIVER IN AFRICA,
AND OUR RIVER GUIDE
WAS A BRILLIANT PYGMY
WHO SPOKE ONLY BY CLICKING.
[ Clicking ]
[ Laughing ]
[ Clicking Continues ]
OH, THERE WE ARE.
- OH, BOY.
- [ Ahkmenrah ]
WHAT IS IT?
I GOTTA GET YOU GUYS
BACK TO THE MUSEUM.
[ Nick ]
HOW?
AHKMENRAH,
I'M GONNA NEED YOUR HELP.
THIS IS YOUR TABLET.
YOU KNOW THE INSTRUCTIONS.
I NEED YOU TO GET EVERYONE BACK.
[ Speaking Foreign Language ]
[ Roaring ]
[ Trumpeting ]
- [ Phone Beeps ]
- COME ON.
THERE'S SOMEBODY
WHO'S GOTTA SEE THIS.
[ Man ]
WHAT I'M SAYING IS, FOR THE TYPE
OF MONEY THAT THEY PAY A-ROD,
HE OUGHTA BE BRINGIN' HOME
A WORLD SERIES TROPHY
EVERY SEASON.
KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
[ Loud Roaring ]
[ Trumpeting ]
[ Animal Noises ]
NOW WHO THEY GONNA GET
TO CLEAN UP ALL THAT DOO-DOO?
[ Ahkmenrah ]
INUIT.
[ Larry ] YEAH.
ONE TERRA-COTTA SOLDIER.
VIKINGS.
RIGHT.
ALPACA. LLAMA.
WELCOME BACK, LADIES.
- [ Speaking Spanish ]
- HEY, UH, VIKING GUYS.
DO ME A FAVOR. YOUR FELLOWS MADE
SOME SORT OF FUNERAL PYRE-TYPE
THING IN PETRIFIED WOOD.
GO CLEAN THAT UP, OKAY?
THANK YOU.
[ Moose Bellowing ]
UH-OH. HE'S BACK.
ALL RIGHT.
I'LL DEAL WITH THIS JOKER.
HEY, HEY, MOOSE!
IT'S NOT GONNA HAPPEN, BUDDY!
I TOLD YOU THREE TIMES.
YOU CAN'T COME THROUGH THIS DOOR
WITH THOSE ANTLERS.
SO YOU AND YOUR CARIBOU BUDDY
GOTTA GO AROUND
TO THE LOADING DOCK.
[ Roosevelt ]
LAWRENCE!
HEY, TEDDY!
GREAT TO SEE YOU
IN ONE PIECE.
SAKAGAWEA, A LITTLE HOT WAX,
AND I'M A NEW MAN.
LARRY?
I TOLD YOU I WASN'T
MAKING FUN OF YOU.
I KNOW.
TEDDY?
OH, MY GOD.
YOU WANNA MEET HER?
YEAH?
YEAH.
COME ON. EXCUSE ME.
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT,
THIS IS MY FRIEND REBECCA.
AN HONOR.
HI.
AND THIS IS "SAKAGAWAYA."
"WEE-AH."
I THINK SHE HAS
A FEW QUESTIONS
SHE WANTS TO ASK YOU.
YOU ROCK!
I AM A BIG FAN.
WHAT WOULD YOU
LIKE TO KNOW?
UM, WELL, I DON'T KNOW
WHERE TO START, BUT, UM--
[ Lions Roaring ]
ONE BUDDHA. NAMASTE.
CHECK.
TWO ZEBRAS.
[ Whinnying ]
UH, RIGHT. CHECK.
DEXTER! WELCOME BACK.
HEY, DEX. SO, LOOK.
NO HARD FEELINGS,
ALL RIGHT?
LAWRENCE!
YOU SAW-- YOU SAW
WHAT HE DID JUST THEN!
WHO'S EVOLVED?
I AM.
I AM!
- [ Chitters ]
- GOOD.
[ Roosevelt ]
WELL, THEY'RE ALL HERE.
WELL DONE. EVERYONE'S IN.
YEAH, WELL, NOT EVERYONE.
WE LOST A COUPLE OF GOOD
LITTLE MEN OUT THERE TONIGHT.
WITH GREAT VICTORY
COMES GREAT SACRIFICE.
YEAH.
DAD, LOOK!
BULLY!
[ Laughs ]
YOU AIN'T GETTIN' RID OF US
THAT EASY.
[ Laughs ]
UNTIL TOMORROW
EVENING, LAWRENCE.
YEAH. I DON'T KNOW
ABOUT THAT, TEDDY.
IT'S GONNA BE TOUGH
TO TALK MY WAY
OUT OF THIS ONE.
WELL, IF THAT'S INDEED THE CASE,
THEN IT'S FAREWELL, MY FRIEND.
NICK? YOUR FATHER'S
A GREAT MAN.
I KNOW.
I TOLD YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
GOOD NIGHT.
NO, LAWRENCE.
GOOD DAY.
HEY, TEDDY?
THANKS.
[ Announcer ]
YOU'RE WATCHING NEW YORK 1.
NEWS ALL MORNING.
THANKS FOR JOINING US
THIS MORNING.
THERE IS A FRESH BLANKET
OF SNOW ON THE GROUND TODAY,
BUT IT'S NOT THE SNOW
THAT'S GOT NEW YORKERS TALKING.
IT'S WHAT'S IN THE SNOW.
THERE ARE DINOSAUR TRACKS
ALONG WEST 81st STREET.
HERE'S THE REMARKABLE VIDEO.
THESE APPEAR TO BE
TYRANNOSAURUS REX TRACKS,
AND THEY LEAD STRAIGHT TO
THE MUSEUM OF NATURAL HISTORY.
[ Woman ] AUTHORITIES
HAVE FOUND WHAT APPEAR TO BE
CAVE DRAWINGS IN THE SUBWAY.
[ Man ]
NEANDERTHALS ATOP
THE MUSEUM ROOF.
ELABORATE HOAX
OR PUBLICITY STUNT?
YOU BE THE JUDGE.
BUT ONE THING'S FOR SURE.
THE FOLKS AT
THE NATURAL HISTORY MUSEUM
HAVE REALLY OUTDONE THEM--
[ TV Switches Off ]
ANY EXPLANATION AT ALL?
NO. GOT NOTHIN'.
GOOD.
I'LL TAKE YOUR KEYS
AND YOUR FLASHLIGHT.
[ Chattering ]
[ Man ]
FOLKS, THIS WAY.
[ Chattering Continues ]
[ Indistinct ]
MY NAME IS NICK DALEY.
MY CAREER DAY PARENT IS MY DAD.
HE'S THE NIGHT WATCHMAN AT
THE MUSEUM OF NATURAL HISTORY.
HEY. HOW'S IT GOIN'?
WELL, NICKY SAID IT.
I'M THE NIGHT WATCHMAN AT
THE MUSEUM OF NATURAL HISTORY.
LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING.
THAT'S WHEN HISTORY COMES ALIVE.
HOW MANY OF YOU GUYS
BEEN OVER TO THE MUSEUM?
[ Students Shouting ]
¶ [ Disco ]
[ Loud Commotion ]
[ Commotion Continues ]
¶ DO YOU REMEMBER
¶ THE 21st NIGHT OF SEPTEMBER
¶ LOVE WAS CHANGING THE MINDS
OF PRETENDERS ¶
GOAL!
¶ WHILE CHASING
THE CLOUDS AWAY ¶
¶ OUR HEARTS WERE RINGING
¶ IN THE KEY THAT OUR SOULS
WERE SINGING ¶
¶ AS WE DANCED THE NIGHT AWAY
¶ BA DE YA
[ Grunting ]
¶ SAY DO YOU REMEMBER
BA DE YA ¶
- ¶ DANCING IN SEPTEMBER
- [ Mammoth Trumpeting ]
- ¶ [ Continues ]
- HEY, IT'S GETTIN' LATE.
YOU READY TO GO HOME?
- NOPE.
- [ Laughs ]
[ Engine Revs ]
- LET'S RIDE.
- [ Tires Screeching ]
¶ DANCING IN SEPTEMBER
BA DE YA ¶
¶ NEVER WAS A CLOUDY DAY
[ Woman ]
¶ TONIGHT IS THE RIGHT NIGHT
EVERYBODY'S ALL RIGHT ¶
¶ YO, FEEL IT IN MY BONES
WE GONNA MAKE IT OUTTA SIGHT ¶
¶ SO IF YOU'RE READY, GO
PARTY TILL THE DAYLIGHT ¶
¶ COMIN' ALIVE WITH ME
¶ BABY, DON'T BE SHY
IT'S TIME TO COME ALIVE ¶
¶ YEAH, HAVE A GOOD TIME
SO GET YOUR HANDS HIGH ¶
¶ GROOVE 'CAUSE IT FEELS RIGHT
UNDER THE MOONLIGHT ¶
¶ NOD YOUR HEAD WITH ME
¶ WHEN THE NIGHTTIME COMES
WE GO WILD ¶
¶ MADNESS UNDER THE MOON
IS OUR STYLE ¶
IT WAS NICE OF LARRY
NOT TO RAT US OUT,
BUT THIS IS RIDICULOUS.
WE'RE NIGHT WATCHMEN,
NOT JANITORS.
GENTLEMEN, YOU'RE
DOING A TERRIFIC JOB.
I'M GONNA CATCH A FEW Z's.
YOU AIN'T GOIN'
NOWHERE.
START MOPPIN',
HOT DOG.
¶ TONIGHT IS THE RIGHT NIGHT
EVERYBODY'S ALL RIGHT ¶
¶ YO, FEEL IT IN MY BONES
WE GONNA MAKE IT OUTTA SIGHT ¶
¶ SO IF YOU'RE READY, GO
PARTY TILL THE DAYLIGHT ¶
OVER HERE.
¶ COMIN' ALIVE WITH ME
¶ COME WITH ME
LET'S GET AWAY ¶
¶ OUT AT NIGHT
AND SLEEP ALL DAY ¶
¶ I DON'T CARE WHAT PEOPLE SAY
¶ KEEP GOIN' AND GOIN' AND GOIN'
TILL IT'S OUR WAY ¶
¶ AFTER DARK
WE GET IT POPPIN' ¶
¶ ONCE WE COME ALIVE
THERE'S NO STOPPIN' ¶
¶ GET THE FEELIN'
CATCH THE FLOW ¶
¶ OF THE NIGHTTIME GROOVE
SO HERE WE GO ¶
¶ TONIGHT IS THE RIGHT NIGHT
EVERYBODY'S ALL RIGHT ¶
¶ YO, FEEL IT IN MY BONES
WE GONNA MAKE IT OUTTA SIGHT ¶
¶ SO IF YOU'RE READY, GO
PARTY TILL THE DAYLIGHT ¶
¶ COMIN' ALIVE WITH ME
¶ BABY, DON'T BE SHY
IT'S TIME TO COME ALIVE ¶
¶ YEAH, HAVE A GOOD TIME
SO GET YOUR HANDS HIGH ¶
¶ GROOVE 'CAUSE IT FEELS RIGHT
UNDER THE MOONLIGHT ¶
¶ NOD YOUR HEAD WITH ME
[ Man ]
¶ CHARLIE'S SIPPIN'
ON A PIÑA COLADA ¶
¶ GETTIN' DOWN LOW
IN A FUSS WIT' HER BROTHER ¶
¶ SHAKIN' ALL THAT
SHE GOT FROM HER MOTHER ¶
¶ THE CLUB IS ON FIRE
BUT NO NEED FOR WATER ¶
¶ EVERYBODY'S RAVIN'
GIRLS ON THE DANCE FLOOR
MISBEHAVIN' ¶
¶ YOUR BODY'S COVERED IN SWEAT
EVERYBODY CLOTHES WET ¶
¶ SO YOU KNOW WHAT
EVERYONE IS CRAVIN', HEY ¶
[ Woman ]
¶ WHEN THE NIGHTTIME COMES
WE GO WILD ¶
¶ MADNESS UNDER THE MOON
IS OUR STYLE ¶
¶ DO WHAT WE WANT
THE MAGIC IS RIGHT ¶
¶ LET'S PARTY
UNTIL THE MORNING LIGHT ¶
¶ TONIGHT IS THE RIGHT NIGHT
EVERYBODY'S ALL RIGHT ¶
¶ YO, FEEL IT IN MY BONES
WE GONNA MAKE IT OUTTA SIGHT ¶
¶ SO IF YOU'RE READY, GO
PARTY TILL THE DAYLIGHT ¶
¶ COMIN' ALIVE WITH ME
¶ BABY, DON'T BE SHY
IT'S TIME TO COME ALIVE ¶
¶ YEAH, HAVE A GOOD TIME
SO GET YOUR HANDS HIGH ¶
¶ GROOVE 'CAUSE IT FEELS RIGHT
UNDER THE MOONLIGHT ¶
¶ NOD YOUR HEAD WITH ME
¶ TONIGHT IS THE RIGHT NIGHT
EVERYBODY'S ALL RIGHT ¶
¶ YO, FEEL IT IN MY BONES
WE GONNA MAKE IT OUTTA SIGHT ¶
¶ SO IF YOU'RE READY, GO
PARTY TILL THE DAYLIGHT ¶
¶ COMIN' ALIVE WITH ME